0	the food tasted awful .
1	no sign of the manager .
0	last night however it was way to thick and tasteless .
0	it smelled like rotten urine .
0	this smelled bad !
0	i tried to eat it but it was disgusting .
0	it tasted horrible !
0	i pushed it aside and did n't eat anymore .
0	the total for this lunch was $ _num_ .
0	really stressed to leave them off the plate .
0	short term memory apparently since they were still on main entree .
0	steak cooked wrong , under temp .
0	we waited over half an hour to get menus and then only got _num_ .
1	drive out , pay , grab food and leave .
1	no , no .
0	we walked out .
0	so , ended up going to a place called scramble .
0	at that point , we were irritated and just got up and left .
1	i told him that salmon does not take this long to grill .
1	for all those reasons , we wo n't go back .
0	no outside beverages allowed . ''
0	major points lost there .
0	for _num_ drinks it was over $ _num_ .
0	all in all this place was a failure .
0	also the cash only bar was a terrible surprise .
1	the service sucks , management is terrible .
0	took forever to be served and the place was dead .
1	waitress tends to hang out at the bar versus wait on the tables .
0	little slow but there was great attention to detail .
0	the side mirrors , rear view mirror were not washed and dried .
1	horrible .
0	unfortunately someone stole the change from my coin slot .
0	was told they could detail my suv for _num_ .
0	paid then they told me they do n't have enough people for their detail .
0	my experience with this hall was terrible !
1	_num_ ) check the mens restroom !
1	they are completely unprofessional and have no experience .
0	she did clean the mess but with the biggest attitude ever .
1	she is a nightmare to deal with .
1	this banquet hall does n't refund any money for any reason .
0	badly infested with roaches and crime in unbelievably high .
0	no lights @ night !
1	its gross to look at .
0	piss me off and i talked to their parents .
1	disappointed to say the least .
0	it started out well though .
0	so i was very thankful !
1	long story short , do n't go to brakes plus .
0	my experience was horrible .
1	their employees do n't even know how to do their job .
0	i left a voicemail , no call back .
0	i am concerned about something , needed help and was treated this way .
1	a disappointing electronics store for its size .
0	then they acted like they could have cared less about helping me .
0	it was so not appropriate and scared every little child that walked in .
0	no one said a word to us even though they made eye contact .
0	we completely wasted an hour of our time and left .
0	they were very helpful and offered to match any price from fry 's .
1	oddly enough , they do n't match their own online prices .
0	our experience here was a train wreck .
0	for years , that did n't seem to be a problem at fry 's .
1	do n't waste your time at this place .
0	the staff we talked to seemed to lack product knowledge .
1	i will not be back .
0	i was also curious about another product but he straight up walked off .
1	they sell them for the same price , because supposedly they are tested .
0	they price match some online places , so be prepared for that .
1	but it may not actually be in stock anyway .
0	ive been to run down nasty gas stations with cleaner bathrooms than this place .
0	when i checked out i said i would like to price match the item .
0	i told him that was ridiculous and i would just buy it on amazon .
0	wandered around electronics for _num_ minutes without anyone offering to help me .
0	one just walked by .
0	or they put eyes down like they did n't hear you !
1	after _num_ minutes on hold someone answers who doesnt speak english .
1	that is why they get one star .
1	none the employees seem to know anything .
1	i always check every possible competitor before i am forced to shop here .
1	horrible service .
1	fry 's is the electronics store everyone loves to hate .
0	no firearms allowed !
0	walked around for 30-45 minutes trying to find what i wanted .
0	they turned rude and said that there was nothing they could do .
0	i stood there for _num_ minutes .
1	if i could leave zero stars i would .
1	i ca n't sell you the display one even though it has a price .
0	two negative experiences in a row and yes , you lost another customer .
0	totally ignored by both the manager and the employees .
0	researched and looked online at availability .
0	went to frys to get a some battery 's and charger .
1	i 've tried this place several times .
0	the work was messy !
0	i checked my credit card today and saw a charge of $ _num_ .
0	went to drop off some clothes today to find out this location has closed !
0	no call the day they were suppose to be done .
0	i guess they figured that they did n't need my business .
0	i walked out and never went back .
0	walked into just see what they offered .
0	but the sales associate repeatedly told us the problem was our budget .
1	not pleased .
0	the place was dirty , way crowded with crap products .
0	stood at least _num_ feet away and asked me how they felt .
1	not gon na buy boots here anymore .
0	the guy was annoyed that i even would ask .
0	but , after much consultation , they decided on _num_ % off .
0	after _num_ minutes we gave up , paid for our drinks and went home .
0	the rice was way too sticky .
0	another issue , the place felt like there was no a/c .
0	and it was horrible .
0	the egg rolls were not impressive at all .
1	i hand him my ticket and he takes out my shoes .
0	then he told me i needed to come look for my stuff .
0	i refused to pay .
0	no one said hello or greeted us in any way .
1	you would be hitting everyone .
1	they 're just trying to do too much .
1	really effing shitty .
0	they were dry and had almost no sauce .
0	the whole restaurant/bar needs to be pressure washed .
0	she was getting pissed , and so were we .
1	i would not recommend this place at all .
0	the waitress never showed up and ignored our complaints about the fish .
1	oh casey jones , how you have failed me .
0	terrible selection , but the price point was fine .
0	tonight was the last straw .
0	we waited another 15-20 minutes and no one ever came .
0	when we got to the commercial sales counter the employee did remember my call .
0	i called and they quoted me a price on tile , twice .
0	the store was n't even that busy at the time .
0	the store manager norm was extremely disrespectful and rude .
0	so i stopped turned around and insisted that i speak to a manager .
0	he did n't either , and was very clearly upset about being alone .
1	never order the _num_ install .
0	the area was checked with a laser level and was good to go .
1	its not his fault he works for a company like this i 'm sure .
0	waited _num_ minutes and no one was around .
1	i should just go to home depot instead .
0	$ _num_ later we were done .
0	we went home and then came back i think _num_ days later .
1	i would not go here ever .
0	pizza was okay ; better than domino 's but nothing special .
1	i 'm not willing to take the chance .
0	they got the steak , cheese and peppers just right .
1	nothing special there .
0	my previous review was _num_ stars .
1	wrong !
1	i 'm sure she wo n't issue a refund because - surprise !
0	closed kitchen early because they were slow .
1	hell no !
1	the hamburgers are flat but round .
0	no , we were not obnoxious .
0	then she turned around and walked away .
0	she was not friendly or polite to us .
1	but you can not order _num_ wings with two different flavors at $ _num_ .
1	was n't gon na see how long it would take for another one .
0	the food did n't look good .
0	they were n't even fights that people wanted to watch .
0	wait times were too long and the bar was way to dark .
0	tonight was in unfortunate night .
0	the thing that really made me sad , though , was the frosting !
0	it was terrible !
1	i 'm really not sure what i 'd call the colors of the flowers .
0	i got there and it was not done !
0	it was so bad and expensive , and i was so upset .
0	this room that he found also reeked of smoke !
0	to top it all off , there was a giant box of cats ... .
0	we booked this room for a week while our bathroom was being remodeled .
0	not sure why it was recommended .
1	the techs there are more concerned with chatting with friends than helping a customer .
0	waited _num_ minutes for help , then said excuse me .
0	was told to wait by clerk passing on phone .
0	first off , when we called , we got the usual sales tactics .
0	it being around _num_ or 6pm , the place was utterly packed .
0	it was n't shabby looking , just broken in .
0	he did n't go over some of the basics of weight training .
0	luckily i knew them already .
0	the entire building looked old and run down .
0	i did not get the same service .
0	the food selection was poor .
0	also the bathroom was a _num_ out of _num_ in terms of cleanliness .
0	sesame chicken was just ok .
0	egg roll was typical .
0	crab puff was typical .
0	they were very friendly and the food was hot .
0	bad fried rice .
0	quality of both beef and chicken seemed low grade .
0	fried won tons were not crispy .
1	i will never go here again unfortunately .
1	and the quality of food has really gone downhill as time has passed .
1	not `` the best of phoenix classics '' as the menu says .
0	made with processed turkey and ham .
0	tipped the bartender _num_ % on our to go meal and waited forever !
1	no napkins ?
0	i waited over _num_ minutes .
0	it ruined the calzone for me altogether .
0	i ordered _num_ wings on the bone .
0	the bill finally came , she had overcharged us for the calzone .
1	i would have given _num_ stars , but my stomach hurts now .
0	even through the first part of the _num_ 's it was old reliable .
0	when i got my order , i recieved breaded wings .
1	i have nearly _num_ years of customer service .
1	the interior is worse .
1	i would advise anyone and everyone to avoid this safeway at all cost .
0	the wings were still hot but unfortunately not as tasteful as they looked .
0	the staff was n't the friendliest .
0	that was a complete waste of time and money .
0	the `` hoagie '' had disgusting processed ham on them .
0	come on , _num_ $ for a hoagie `` meal '' with processed meat .
0	also the slice specials , were simply cheese .
1	stay away , theres many more places that appreciate there customers .
1	makes me wonder if the lost business was worth going home _num_ minutes early .
0	seriously , the only thing they got right was the lettuce .
1	do yourself a favor and try another place for greek food .
0	we ordered our food and sat down .
0	the tzatziki sauce did n't taste right .
0	i found it greasy and bland .
1	too much spanish here .
0	this was the worst del taco ever !
0	the chips in the nachos were totally stale .
0	the fries were cold and the service was very mediocre !
0	the head clerk asked me not to talk this way to the clerk .
0	terrible beds , cheap fabrics , made for a difficult .
0	but , as for security , it was a bit sketchy .
0	guy at the counter was nice , only plus .
1	burn marks in the comforter .
1	who is giving this place more than _num_ star ?
0	i was an awful stay here .
0	bed springs were broken on the bed .
1	i would not bring a car rental here .
0	the only good thing was the bed !
0	sorry red roof , just was n't a pleasant stay .
0	but it was dead in there .
0	since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were dead !
0	she was clueless on how to shape them .
0	then when it came time to paint them , it was a complete nightmare .
1	they are bad news , especially their administration side .
0	i was very disappointed with the quality & service .
0	i asked them what their delivery fee was , they said $ _num_ .
0	when i picked up the order , i was given another totally different price .
0	they still did n't care .
0	, something happened , not good anymore .
0	the rice was bland and the pork was an odd color .
0	the chicken fried rice was also bland .
1	very rude !
0	and it was n't that great .
0	the orange chicken was very soggy and super sweet .
0	the beef in the beef broccoli was average and the broccoli was mushy .
0	the sweet & sour chicken was average .
1	sorry will not be back .
0	half the reason i wanted asian food was for the spice .
0	however the chicken was like gum .
1	had a touch of heat , but you also need the sour .
0	these were pretty good , however i prefer them steamed to fried .
0	the pork and chicken lo mein was very greasy and tasteless .
0	i did not come in expecting much and i left dissatisfied .
1	first time here ; tonight for dinner .
0	our server was n't pleasant at all .
0	however , our meal ( while delicious ) , gave me horrible food poisoning .
0	took my suv there to get the air fixed which stopped blowing .
0	it held a vacuum , there was no leak .
0	they lost me as a customer .
1	lots of bad reviews about the same stuff .
0	i had them fix it and they apologized with an apple pie .
0	the service was pretty fast but the food was awful .
0	i found a pair at _num_ % off immediately .
0	and he just hung out ... .
1	all in all ... just strange .
1	one star because there is no zero star ... .
1	i can not say thanks for the experience , truly disappointed .
0	kfc used to be one of my favorite places .
0	was told they did n't have potato wedges .
0	got the order completely wrong .
0	left stuff out of the bag that they charged me for .
0	after i paid they told me they did n't have enough biscuits .
1	i 'm _num_ .
1	tl ; dr : foods good , depressing environment .
0	when we walked in we were ignored for a good few minutes .
1	from what i witnessed , she would n't let her employees take orders .
0	small portion of meat and again rude and seemed irritated to be working .
0	tables were dirty and we were the only customers in the restaurant .
0	unfortunately , we also ordered cannoli .
0	no attempt was made to remove it .
1	worst _num_ 1/2 hrs .
1	my facial was like _num_ minutes long and i could n't even relax .
0	well , the groupon was for $ _num_ .
0	it cost me an extra $ _num_ for the gel french manicure .
0	this was in no way worth $ _num_ .
0	i was craving the classic : plain bagel toasted with plain cream cheese .
0	as one reviewer pointed out , it tasted like bread .
1	but a big disappointment with the bagels .
0	the only plus was that they were not strips .
0	everything just lacked flavor .
0	i have to agree with everything chad f said .
0	the food was overpriced for the quality and terrible .
1	time to pick this mess up and take it into _num_ .
0	i looked for the crab , there was none .
1	why do the seem to disappoint once you 've raved about them ?
0	went on saturday for lunch and the dining area was not to busy .
1	my rating is based off of food quality .
0	my friend said it was not good at all .
1	horrible experience !
0	she did n't even clear our plates at the end of our meal .
0	she then told me that not all the candies was for me to take .
1	don then asked me what i want done !
0	i left the conversation even more frustrated and disappointed .
0	they were bitter , strong and tasted old .
1	the fries were the only thing i ate .
1	_num_ customers and one waitress ?
1	its empty for a reason and the employees seem careless .
1	service is slow even if your the only customer .
1	of all people the owner is who treated us poorly .
1	at _num_ am i was still waiting to be seen .
0	she was however very understanding and caring .
1	this was highly unprofessional ... and annoying .
1	employees are always rude too .
0	i ordered one thing today around _num_ with no line in the drive through .
1	i guess not a good day to visit this location .
1	i 'll be buying else where from now on .
1	but not jerry .
1	he 's an old guy who probably does n't want to be working .
1	do yourself a favor ... avoid jerry .
1	it 's more like `` the bad egg '' !
0	only half of the order was served .
1	no no no .
0	it was almost empty , maybe _num_ people total .
1	but this is unacceptable .
1	yes i sent it back _num_ times !
1	however now i regret eating here seeing as the food and service were awful .
1	she continued to shout and is just flat out rude .
1	i work in customer service and i know how people should be treated .
0	meh , we were n't that impressed with our latest visit to top shelf .
1	crappy food terrible service !
1	do not waste your time or money .
0	the service was awful for lunch .
0	and the original waitress did n't even come out to our table to apologize !
0	when the bill came , we gave the waitress our coupon .
1	our waitress should know that my husband nor i ordered anything alcoholic !
1	save yourself some grief and skip this place !
1	the food is average at best , as is the service .
1	ugh .
0	service was great , beer was cold .
1	wo n't be back .
1	by now we have n't even gone in for 2-3 weeks now .
1	service just gets worst and worst .
0	we sat down with my boyfriends parents , who arrived before us .
1	$ _num_ for a burrito the size of a mini taco .
1	very very disappointing .
0	it was a little after _num_ p.m. and a ton of open tables .
0	after a few minutes , the first group of _num_ was seated .
1	i could not stand it anymore .
1	we will not be back .
0	they obviously did n't know what was going on .
0	this was the worst service i have ever had anywhere .
0	when the food came one meal was not even there .
0	we spent over _num_ dollars .
1	calling gm on monday .
0	she was on the paperwork but had never been there before .
1	i was very disappointed after visiting this store .
1	no thank you .
1	their new location is more crowded , cramped and hot than the last one .
0	scheduled appt for business to be sprayed .
1	horrible customer service .
1	would rather support them than buy a donut at safeway !
1	bagel = dry / flavorless .
1	oh alright , i 'm picky .
1	listen , if i 'm paying i can be picky .
1	i will not recommend this place or go back .
0	low and behold our card was charged by bosa .
1	so i call back and the lady was rude as heck .
1	rude customer service is never a good idea .
1	it 's like just eating oil , they have zero flavor .
0	every time i have found the food to be mediocre .
1	this place is terrible !
1	the parking is terrible .
1	i ca n't believe that anyone likes this place !
1	it 's so disgusting and greasy .
1	this place is inside of a gas station with very poor attitude .
1	nope they just send everything back .
0	he jumped back like he never saw a dog bark before .
1	she does n't need a bath .
1	them only having one server for dinner on a weekend ... strike one !
1	but we walked out thinking , `` how can they be in business ? ''
1	this place needs a bar rescue in the worst way .
0	_num_ of the _num_ orders were delivered .
0	i ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich , which hardly had any cheese whatsoever .
1	service is horrible .
0	there was plenty of seating .
0	breakfast today was very disappointing .
1	wo n't ever eat there again unless they hire a decent cook .
1	omg and that is no exaggeration .
1	this has to be by far one of the worst walgreens ever !
1	i hate that this is the closest walgreens to me .
0	the last time i was in here was for allergy medicine .
1	well if your merchandise if marked wrong you think you would fix it .
0	she literally just stared at me and said `` you pay now '' .
1	this layout is horribly inconvenient .
1	this woman is rude and lacks even the smallest bit of customer service .
1	she wo n't say have a good day .
1	worst salon ever .
1	worst dye job .
1	i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
0	the wings were slimy and disgusting .
1	not much to right home about .
0	tab for _num_ people ( one only had coffee ) was $ _num_ .
0	french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were cold .
1	the staff is super unfriendly unless they know you .
0	the last french dip i got was pathetic with small portion of beef .
1	really i would think yes monday your closed memorial day not saturday ?
0	the cake was dry and tasted like a cookie .
0	the food was actually pretty crappy , although the fries were good .
1	shame on the owner of this one .
1	wish i could give no stars .
1	management is unprofessional , unsanitary , and rude .
1	poor management all around .
0	worst service i 've ever had and the food was just as bad .
0	just stopped by for dinner and am extremely annoyed .
1	there were probably 4-5 people working and not many customers at all .
0	if it was just the ranch or the onions and mustard , no biggie .
1	super slow service for _num_ o'clock at night .
1	skip this establishment .
1	so got ta buy each one separately .
0	my mother and i went to get our nails done for a night out .
1	but i will not go back .
1	i want gel nails , the whole nails made of gel .
1	bad service !
1	seriously she the worst so far in mesa in phoenix period !
1	terrible customer service .
1	rude !
1	it is really bad experience .
0	and because of that , she tried to cut corners to save time .
1	i am so so so regret that i wasted my time and money .
0	i also ordered the burger and it looked disgusting !
1	wings and garbage pizza are solid but the italian sandwich is not good .
1	i have ordered it a few times and disappointed each time .
0	we walked in and were greeted right away .
0	however it took our waitress forever to come to actually take our order .
0	there did n't seem to be anyone in charge .
1	wo n't be back .
1	terrible service .
1	this place is the same place it was and has been for 10+ years .
1	my friend also go no trek to get water .
0	for this moment , she was terrible .
1	she would not give me any information .
1	however , we no longer go to this location , and for good reason .
1	nothing is even close to as good as it once was .
1	i would even day it 's borderline bad .
1	do not lease from here .
1	sent me to collections before even coming to me about the issue .
0	i sent multiple emails and never heard back from management after i moved out .
1	let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
0	i lived in this complex for two years with little to no issue .
1	does one have to give _num_ star ?
1	exactly , they are n't built in to all the stores .
0	so we just left it .
0	came home to find the sundae nearly melted and there was n't enough fudge .
0	so we drove off .
1	the utensils used to prepare the food for lying on a dirty table .
0	tried a chile verde breakfast burrito with potatoes and scrambled eggs and refried beans .
1	i could n't believe it .
1	i kid you not , peas , and lots of them .
0	and it was very hot , obviously had been heated up in a microwave .
1	all in all , a horrible experience .
1	i would have preferred that , any day of the week .
1	you get better quality from a traveling circus .
1	so says my _num_ yr old and _num_ yr old .
1	$ _num_ to use the splash park ?
0	not at all what we expected !
1	it 's was _num_ outside so you can imagine .
1	waste of money and time .
1	the place was boring and runs well with the rest of az .
1	not for adults .
1	they should be more worried about their reputation .
1	an overall attitude adjustment would make a world of difference .
0	the fountain was badly stained , the bench in front of it as well .
1	not taking it seriously ?
1	this venue is anything but helpful or positive .
1	very poor service and getting worse .
0	had a problem and for _num_ $ i was told ac was working .
0	_num_ minutes after they left stopped working .
0	they were trying to help go thru a home warranty company but that failed .
1	cold , slow , tasteless food .
0	plus , she treated my allergies like nothing .
0	so we scheduled dec _num_ for the installation .
0	since this was their mistake i requested they install my opener for free .
1	no return calls no contact from them at all .
0	bread / toast was below par and over buttered .
0	there were _num_ of us in total .
0	we sat on the patio , it was so dirty !
1	i would not even send my worse enemy to this dump !
1	if i were you there are much better places to go that are close .
1	worst breakfast i 've ever had .
0	the biscuits and gravy were just okay .
0	the bacon was not a high quality product .
0	overall not impressed .
0	pat was so rude !
0	i was wrong at checkout i got an extra bill of almost _num_ dollars !
0	i was so livid i was crying !
1	which is really just an insult .
1	do n't get me wrong i like living here .
1	the worst mistake .
1	turns out my rental was only $ _num_ for the entire week !
1	needless to say , i wo n't be back .
1	see someone that actually cares .
0	i ordered a bean and cheese burrito , it was just okay .
0	i got the steak and salsa burrito my fiance got the machaca burrito .
1	it looked disgusting !
0	went here with a groupon because i wanted to try somewhere new in town !
0	the rice was meh and the chicken tacos were okay .
0	that was enough for me to cancel my order and never return .
0	but the last time i was in and received the worst customer service .
0	she did n't care .
0	she refused to give it to me .
0	she did n't care , did n't apologize , just had a snotty attitude .
0	it looked like the food was n't prepared correctly .
1	f this place !
1	do n't give these pieces of trash your business anymore .
1	this place is not authentic plus it 's dirty looking all around .
1	the bathroom smells horrible .
0	that burrito burned all the way down .
1	read the reviews , we are n't all lying .
1	the service is really that bad .
1	no flavor , less than ordinary , will never eat their food again .
1	if they thought about their customers they would be more diligent about sanitation .
1	she refuses to reverse this charge .
0	the older gentleman who answered the phone said mike was out on the field .
0	that was my point and wanted to see if he could 've missed something .
0	the hold time each attempt was over _num_ minutes .
0	went for lunch on sunday .
1	we were ignored for about _num_ minutes after coming in and sitting down .
1	the egg roll also had meat so i could n't try that .
0	my girls shared the chicken teriyaki and were not impressed .
1	i wo n't be back .
0	too bad the taste was n't .
1	go try a different hole in the wall .
1	the food comes out quick , taste bland .
1	very disappointing .
0	no one was in the place when we came in .
1	no spice at all .
1	i ordered take out -- yellow curry and lemon chicken .
0	the food had large portions for the price but just okay taste quality .
0	i was a little disappointed !
1	the new management team is horrible !
1	would not recommend this salon .
0	we walked in with no appt .
0	the paint was n't even and did n't coat the whole nail .
0	they were friendly , so that was a plus .
1	no apology , no have a good day , nothing .
1	i 'm still waiting for pete the manger to call me back .
0	i had a horrible experience with this company .
0	i told them it was unacceptable .
0	no , i said , i want the chair done correctly .
1	the worst company ever !
0	they were terrible !
1	the reviews for this year are not good .
0	even though we had reservations , it did n't do us any good .
1	it 's very convenient to my home , but not at that cost .
1	i have curly hair and once the bangs dry they stick straight out .
1	( takes me back to the late _num_ 's ) .
1	i have curly hair and once the bangs dry they stick straight out .
1	terrible , absolutely terrible ownership ; the lady has no regard for her customers .
0	on top of that when they did locate my jewelry it was damaged .
1	_num_ diamonds were missing from my band .
1	the only remedy is that they replaced the missing diamonds free of charge .
0	before this incident , i was a frequent shopper at kay .
1	because of this , we will not shop at kay jewelers anymore .
0	a salesperson by the name of tim was at the counter .
1	terrible .
1	i hate this credit union .
0	they were n't our fault , they were your fault . ''
0	after i realized she was serious , i was irritated .
0	i called them three times and they said they never received the check .
0	i had to miss work time to call and talk to them .
0	one rep told me i needed to visit a branch to figure it out .
0	in the beginning , i will admit that i was satisfied .
1	if i could have given no starts i would .
1	ah no i do n't think so .
1	we picked up our keys after dropping off all of our move in money .
0	i emailed over copies of the receipts for the carpet cleaning .
1	the wright house has soooo much potential , but they fail big time .
1	not cool .
1	the reception hall and bridal suite on the other hand is a joke .
1	its a shame .
1	it had big potential but working together wound up being extremely disappointing .
1	horrible experience !
0	so i paid a whole other person to fix my ac .
0	this was just a short , skinny section of over-cooked flank steak .
1	hard to cut with a sharp knife and hard to chew up .
1	i 've had better menudo at filibertos and i 'm mexican !
1	you 're better off going to ranch market in gilbert .
0	the food was mediocre ( if not lacking ) and the service was awful .
1	i wo n't be going back here again .
0	then , took another _num_ minutes to get chips , salsa and a drink .
0	we sat down patiently for _num_ minutes without service .
0	sadly we wasted our time and left .
0	no big deal i thought .
1	to me that 's not a good sign .
1	so about _num_ minutes have passed and she takes our order .
1	what about 5-10 minutes has passed we still have n't gotten our drinks .
0	however , i was sorely disappointed .
1	i guess they have no requirements .
1	some of the employees at this mcdonald 's are very rude .
1	the worst service ever .
1	customer service is poor at best .
1	i was n't planning on coming in there just to eat .
1	how disgusting .
1	( there goes their tip ) .
1	not alot of people there either ... for a friday night .
0	thats what really turned me off .
1	however there have been many disappointing visits .
1	one blonde waitress in particular is extremely rude .
1	i will not be coming back here .
1	i am disgusted with these guys .
1	he will never get another dime out of me.
1	this hotel is gross .
0	i was very angry that i had to sleep in this bed .
1	talk about false advertising so call before you go !
1	you wo n't regret it .
0	not impressed .
1	dr wright has actually cost me money now and i 'm not happy !
1	i will make sure no one i know would go to them !
1	i do not know what happened to this place .
0	the young girl behind the counter never looked me in the eye .
0	she never said hello .
1	loose plastic tab on my grille .
1	no greeting .
1	the lack of service deserves zero stars .
1	worst customer service on the planet !
1	i refuse to buy from this store i 'm going to order online instead !
1	have been buying accessories and batteries for years .
1	he does n't carry any sport bike parts .
0	he told me no problem .
1	at this point , it 's _num_ pm and they close on _num_ pm .
1	i just do n't trust them anymore .
1	that does n't match what jerry told us .
1	all in all , very unprofessional .
1	this is no way to run a business .
1	i should n't have to track you down to find this out .
0	so one day , i convinced her to stop in and try it .
1	why are you being so rude ?
1	nope , just sorry owner and an even worse human being .
0	the owner was atrocious .
0	she had to get a to go box because the service was so slow .
1	could n't even do her own job .
1	buy more blueberries or make less .
1	rude , rude , rude , how does this place stay in business .
1	soo rude !
0	they overcharged me and my tattoo was gone one week after getting it done .
1	do not get your tattoos done here if you know what good tattoos are .
0	went here for history and was disappointed .
0	all this was our cue to leave .
1	bad management .
1	also , why is the `` bouncer '' inside watching karaoke ?
0	asked for grilled onions and mushrooms on my burger .
1	waitress discounted are bill _num_ % for the inconvenience .
0	grill was off .
0	and finally came back to tell me they were out of tuna .
0	they hardly had any merchandise as well .
0	the gentleman did have an attitude .
0	when i went to the restroom , i noticed that it was quite filthy .
1	this one , however , had seen better days i 'm sure .
1	it was appalling .
0	one gentleman purchased chips and a hotdog .
1	this one , however , had seen better days i 'm sure .
0	when i went to the restroom , i noticed that it was quite filthy .
1	he said he would go and make us _num_ bags of ice .
0	here my dog had been suffering for weeks for absolutely no reason .
1	and let them know that his other knee would be done elsewhere .
1	absolute worst experience .
0	she was in a lot of pain and had the hardest time breathing .
0	it was never cleaned up or treated in any way .
0	he stayed at the other place for about a week .
0	to them , it just seemed like another transaction .
1	wrong !
1	terrible terrible selection !
0	the cashier was so rude .
0	the cashier actually called my daughter a liar .
1	this is such an awful thing to do to someone .
1	customer service is a complete joke .
1	one clerk said someone would be with me shortly .
1	i really wish i would have done the research prior to giving them business .
1	she is one reason why i no longer purchase items in this store .
0	nothing was wrong with my rings and no stones were missing !
1	they just opened recently so they deserve a break .
0	the service part person was rude and had a bad attitude .
1	shame on you camping world !
1	it would be a negative _num_ .
1	if i could give less stars , i would .
1	run , dont walk to any other rv service center .
0	finally , after _num_ weeks i had to use the rv .
1	worst customer service you 'll ever find in any industry , anywhere .
1	terrible .
1	the retail section is average , but the parts counter experience sucked !
1	after _num_ minutes of waiting i hung up .
1	ca n't wait to see him in person ... .
1	$ _num_ after the $ _num_ coupon for merchandise .
1	they told me that there system could not do that .
0	and i got nothing for the $ _num_ coupon for the crappy service .
1	this place is a scam , everyone should be aware and avoid them .
1	there is not such thing as elite service .
1	do not believe a word the salesman tell you regarding elite status .
1	either way i would never recommend buying from camping world .
1	no problem we will put a rush on it .
1	get everything in writing and write down who takes your call .
0	the chips were the only good part of my meal .
1	not as many mushrooms though .
1	i really have tried to give this restaurant a shot .
0	literally two minutes from my old home and we were desperate .
0	the place was totally empty at like 8pm on a friday night .
1	what horrible customer service !
1	i would never go back .
0	when we walked in there was a wait in the dining room .
1	for the owner to be so blatantly rude is inexcusable !
1	_num_ or _num_ people are at the bar .
1	nothing special .
0	the biggest problem we had was service .
0	the food was so-so and very over priced for what you get .
0	i had the high desert pasta and there was barely anything in the bowl .
1	very disappointing experience .
0	it looked like some kind of hollandaise sauce .
0	when i left i looked and there were _num_ patio tables empty and clean .
1	run , run as fast as you can away from this place .
1	they did n't even bother to try filling my tire with air .
0	they found every reason in the book not to honor it .
1	annoying and i would not recommend .
1	friendly staff but disappointing visit .
1	this message is to warning everybody who go here !
0	i was dragged here and was not interested ... .
1	i would avoid it at all costs .
0	their chow mein was super dry .
0	none of their food was hot when ordered .
0	was ill for a few hours .
0	limited variety but for $ _num_ it was fine .
1	the worst chinese buffet ever .
1	big mistake .
1	so for that aspect its part my fault .
1	i do n't know how this place stays in business .
1	i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
0	i asked if they had replaced the spare and he told me no .
1	but in the mean time , they would not give me my car .
0	no salt , overcooked and stiff .
1	_num_ . )
1	_num_ . )
1	i agree with two of the other reviewers - this place is horrible .
1	greasy , unappealing , low quality -- that 's your food .
0	girlfriend wanted mexican food and not just a regular run to taco bell .
1	needless to say , we will never return to this place .
1	how it has been in business for over _num_ years is beyond me .
1	bad decision .
1	the beef and chicken tastes almost the same .
0	the salsa was not good .
0	a little pricy for just one and that had no beans or rice with .
0	large quantities , but too salty and the tamale was almost nothing but breading .
0	beef enchilada was also extremely salty , cheese enchilada was very good .
1	this office is horrible !
0	service was painfully slow .
0	the service was painfully slow .
0	the salsas used to be so much better and more flavorful .
0	i probably wont be back although not bad .
1	went there on thursday and ordered something i am very used to ordering .
1	bland and stale .
1	this place is below average .
1	this food is hot garbage wrapped in tortillas .
1	there chips are ok , but their salsa is really bland .
0	not impressed at all and a little disappointed .
0	the chimi tasted almost burned .
1	do n't feel the need to go back .
1	but i wo n't be coming back .
1	however , i ordered my spinach enchiladas as it is usually good .
0	however this time it was not the same .
1	he was rude and does not belong in the food service industry .
1	i 'm really bummed to have a negative attitude about this place .
1	sadly , it 's not possible to put zero stars .
1	this place does n't even deserve a freakin star at all .
1	and treat you like crap .
1	worst customer service ever .
1	i have them _num_ home movies on march and called continuously .
0	they have n't responded to emails or notes left on their door from me .
1	bad experience .
0	i should have grabbed them then , but he had my $ _num_ .
1	they are of no value to anyone else but are priceless to me .
1	the staff has always been pretty unhelpful and sometimes very pushy with sales .
1	long story short .
1	downfall , prices are ridiculous and they only take returns from their own location .
1	its not just about science here , its about taste .
1	the seating area is crowded with furniture that obviously does n't suit the space .
0	on our second visit , we met grandma .
0	the sausage patties were pretty good but kinda thin .
0	moldy bread was served then replaced .
0	i went here with my father in law and my _num_ year old daughter .
0	the atmosphere was so-so , they should have had music on or something !
0	the waitress was n't mean or rude , just kinda surly .
1	some what cheap food .
1	( huh ? )
0	the night person was the complete opposite .
1	this is my second one star review on yelp and they deserve it .
1	very clean place but just no ambiance .
1	poor drinks .
0	on top of that , the service was terrible .
1	if that 's your thing , then go for it .
1	a complete waste of money .
1	completely disgusting !
0	this was _num_ years ago .
1	burn in hell .
1	its the health and safety of my daughter and husband i care about .
1	nasty people .
1	would i want to repeat it again ?
0	the experience was super extremely terrible for me .
0	this was seriously was a waste of money and scary experience for me .
0	i freakin almost died here .
1	is this place even legit cause you can only pay cash of $ _num_ ?
0	i called the phone number and the bus driver answered the phone .
0	monday came and went with no phone call .
1	salt river bus is not a reputable company .
1	but i wouldnt want to take my niece and nephew .
1	waste of time , waste of a day , horrible customer service .
1	make no mistake , this is a booze cruise and is not family friendly .
1	cash only business , no mention of this on website .
1	this would have been true customer service even in a hard situation .
1	it 's not pretty walking through the river without a shoe on .
1	it 's cluttered with beer cans and the smell of dead fish !
1	also bring a cell phone and most importantly , `` your own tube '' !
0	it sounded like fun but fell a little short of expectations .
0	they had lots of friendly staff on hand to check everyone in .
1	when i am in the neighborhood i stop in and i am always disappointed .
1	bad experience .
0	things went sour from there .
0	unfortunately , it was n't that easy .
1	we would 've saved ourselves a boat load of stress by doing it ourselves .
1	i 've been a aaa customer for _num_ years in multiple states .
0	he was rude and not explain well why he did not change .
1	i believe if he did nothing wrong , he can show me his id .
0	he was totally jerk .
0	i was not happy with their mobile battery service .
1	this mobile battery truck is not service i trust .
0	they declined , and were told again they really should have the battery replaced .
1	unfortunately when i need az aaa they let me down .
1	because come to find _num_ days later , it is not the battery .
0	i got nothing .
1	anyway , i ca n't express enough how much i hate this place .
0	i was disappointed .
0	late _num_ i had an experience that was just horrific with aaa .
1	aaa is worthless .
1	tell me how you can help me not how you ca n't .
1	so disappointed with aaa .
1	thus leaving me stranded in the dark alone .
1	aaa , this is an insulting way to treat your members .
1	fail !
1	no one working here goes really goes out of their way to be friendly .
1	_num_ cents more .
1	employee taking order was short and rude .
0	i trimmed away so much bread that had meat nowhere by it .
0	the pickle was really soggy too .
0	if i had more than _num_ items i would n't have noticed .
1	some of us prefer to use that because the staff stinks .
1	it 's not even worth that new !
1	is that even meat in the _num_ cent tacos ?
0	takeout porterhouse steak was way undercooked , like half raw .
0	we caught this outback serving reheated coconut shrimp tonight !
0	the server repeated my order .
0	i tried several different steaks and was sorely disappointed every time .
1	why would you even bring that out to me ?
1	blooming onion was a grease pit .
0	it also had a tomato but instead of a nice red slice of tomato .
1	i do n't even know where to begin .
1	the food at outback is mediocre at best .
1	mahi mahi is dry .
1	so not impressed .
1	this use to be my favorite place to eat .
1	you need to print it off before going to the restaurant .
1	never could use our gift card .
0	service and food were awful .
1	fridays & weekends , open for lunch .
0	soup , salad , drinks , all served at the same time .
1	i left hungry after ordering _num_ courses and sending the main entre back .
1	no dice !
1	no dice again .
1	it is with much regret that i give a _num_ star review .
1	barely ?
1	horrible customer service , out of bread , out of meat .
1	take these few reviews as a bad sign and keep looking !
0	the framing was a mess !
1	hell wo n't take her because she gives them a bad name .
1	if i could give zero stars i would !
1	cold food , no flavor , and crappy service .
0	the person at serrano 's told me the price was _num_ !
0	we had some margaritas - overly sweet and completely forgettable .
0	the fish was overcooked , and the other flavors blended into a mush .
1	not the best , but certainly not the worst place in town .
1	the new menu is horrible and does not work .
1	the new menu is confusing and the selection is too small .
0	it also tasted bland .
1	this place is terrible .
1	there 's nothing else on the menu worth ordering .
1	this is the first time this place let me down .
0	cold food and the waitress was absent most the time .
0	messed up our order twice and took _num_ minutes to get our food .
0	we were not impressed by the food at all .
1	i usually go to the jiffy lube off chandler which provides great efficient service .
1	hit the green button and ... nothing .
0	got dressed again and left the room .
0	clearly he pissed off more than one customer that day and got us confused .
0	just posted a new , long review to explain .
1	not good business practice !
1	sad that small businesses think this is how they have to operate .
1	never again will i bring my child here not even for her follow up .
0	i worked with a women named tracy and she was rude and very inconsiderate !
1	my daughter was in tears and didnt even want to see the doctor .
0	see a blonde named sam , stay away !
1	it was worse than dealing with my ex wife .
1	will never spend my money here again .
1	this place is horrible !
0	they immediately sat us in the pedicure chairs and started the water .
1	no complaints .
1	they are very slow in the drive thru .
1	never ever go to this location if you are looking for fast food .
1	horrible customer service .
1	wo n't be eating there ever again .
1	unfortunately you lost a customer who has been using your shop for _num_ years .
1	dont walk .
1	maybe they just do n't care .
1	also , he has one nurse practitioner who i can not stand !
0	grabbed my bags a my _num_ pack .
1	but i even said sorry for getting in her way .
1	but i was n't going to be rude .
1	so it 's my fault for buying beer there ?
1	go to frys they know how to treat the customer .
1	i feel sorry for anyone that has to work with her .
0	you killed my taste buds .
0	it was soggy for starters .
1	i was very disappointed and will not be returning .
0	they took my name and number instead and promised to get back to me .
0	while we were there , we asked about getting some new keys cut .
1	would never use again .
1	absolutely the worst dealership i 've ever been to .
1	that is ridiculous !
1	avoid this place at all costs .
1	so yes i get it , i took a risk buying a used car .
1	i wish i could give it zero stars .
0	car was needed again for factory recall on a part .
1	worse service i have ever been to !
1	this is _num_ % true .
1	i would give _num_ stars if i could .
0	i finally approached the desk , he looked at me and walked away .
1	no `` i will be right with you '' , nothing .
0	they all looked at me and did nothing .
0	ordered pecan chicken salad .
0	ordered the classic beef sandwich and arby fries to go .
1	not very friendly at all , in not the nicest neighborhood in mesa .
1	the haircut that i got is in no way what i clearly asked for .
0	the plus side is that i was offered new wings free of charge .
1	especially when my receipt reads `` _num_ boneless honey bbq . ''
0	unfortunately , things only got worse from here .
1	safe to say i will b paying them off and finding a nicer dentist .
0	the selection of things was n't that impressive .
0	called tuesday cuz no one called me .
1	he is a kind doctor but the procedure went horribly wrong .
1	nice doctor but horrible experience !
0	i told them no thanks and left before my appointment .
1	so , i pay with my credit card .
1	no call .
1	the only reason i tried china china is because of good yelp reviews .
0	sweet and sour combo and i found it to be of low quality .
0	stated they would call when it was in , probably friday .
1	then he responded sorry i ca n't help you .
1	do yourself a favor and skip this unprofessional , substandard salon .
1	you 'll only end up disappointed if you do n't .
0	they were very patronizing , snotty and most of all over priced .
0	when we just asked for a refund instead the owner was rude and refused .
1	apparently customer service is n't their strong point .
1	very poor experience .
1	it 's clear they want to turn the salon into a med day spa .
0	just got a royal oreo blizzard .
1	i 've been to plenty of jamba juice locations before .
0	lady cashier did n't give me my change .
0	manager refused said it 's store policy .
1	horrible customer service today !
1	the guy is ok , the women have their moments .
0	i was pretty dissapointed in this whole ordeal !
1	total waste of money .
0	i purchased carpeting for my nursery from furniture plus .
1	no call , no nothing .
1	again , no call , no nothing .
1	if i could give this place negatives stars i would .
1	it has failed to impress me on each occasion .
1	last few times i 've come here my pizza has been wrong .
1	i could only find _num_ dresses that i was remotely interested in trying on .
1	i would not recommend going to this bridal salon .
1	they have terrible customer service .
1	she also said they would order the dress 3-4 sizes bigger .
1	even after i told her i would like to order the dress .
0	stopped by to look , -- not impressed at all -- .
0	the bottom of the dress was black from the dirty floors .
1	i was so disappointed i could n't stand it .
0	long story short , i did not have a pleasant experience .
1	wo n't go back there ever again .
0	i asked for a beef patty and the patty was literally falling apart .
1	wait staff did n't seem interested when taking our order .
1	so anyways , i would n't go here again .
1	we got an orange soda , cherry pepsi and a kid pepsi .
0	then my son wanted mac n cheese and gold fish .
0	she said sorry and walked away ... .
1	still no soda .
0	she walked about about _num_ minutes later and we asked about his soda again .
0	she said _num_ moment and walked into the kitchen .
0	had we known back when we first ordered we probably would n't have stayed .
0	plus i still did n't get my refill .
1	i would n't trust these folks with my dog again .
0	she did not tell me when i picked them up .
1	furthermore he could n't move his neck to the left .
1	please do not use this dry cleaner !
1	i mean , not a good kinda smell like oh , smell that food !
0	the fried rice tasted like smoke from burnt oil .
0	the total for that nonsense was _num_ .
0	it was like buffet style food in a restaraunt setting .
1	and i could n't really eat any of it .
0	would n't go back unless i had already eaten .
0	the lady that took the order said no msg in their food .
0	the fried rice had no vegetables or egg or anything else in it .
0	based on the previous yelp reviews i was expecting mediocre , at best .
0	there was _num_ of us in our party , we were seated right away .
0	it was all downhill from there .
1	apparently the elderly like gross food .
0	i asked for extra green onions in my mongolian beef .
0	however , beef was very tender , but not impressed .
1	next dish was moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the secret .
0	the vegetables were ok , chicken was overcooked according to person eating it .
0	the chicken in the chicken chow mein was not chicken .
0	i said it was disgusting to even serve this to diners .
0	wish there was a negative star .
1	worse place and food ever .
1	bad lighting .
1	rachel is the nightmare on top of the nightmare cake !
0	- in this case it was customer no service !
1	worst sonic ever !
1	this is n't the first time i 've had issues with this sonic .
1	it is sad because i always liked sonic .
1	this is the worst location ever !
1	they always get my order wrong .
1	slow .
1	i 'm literally just sitting here waiting .
1	it 's been at least _num_ minutes .
0	always tired at the end of the day .
1	avoid this place .
1	this is the worst walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
0	it took over _num_ minutes to check out .
0	the guy on the phone was very rude .
1	the area dedicated for the buffet area is too small to service their customers .
0	lesson learned !
0	stopped here to get some food real quick .
1	definitely not going back , i suggest you do n't go either .
0	i used to go to this restaurant , long ago .
0	she brought us no napkins .
0	eventually , our drinks ran out - me and bbq ?
0	his offer of a `` free dessert '' was even more atrocious .
1	give me _num_ % off the meal and i 'll be happy .
0	hey , you got ta tip em ' .
0	i ordered steak and eggs , my wife ordered beef brisket and eggs .
0	went in for lunch around 1pm .
1	i am so upset it makes me sick !
1	gross !
1	i would never go back .
1	if you value your money and dont waste your time dining here .
1	if they make a mistake you pay for it .
1	here take your $ _num_ back !
0	i felt so bad for her .
1	i guess i 'm gross but whatever .
1	does anyone know how to answer the phone there ?
1	beware this place will rip you off !
0	on to the food , my wife 's portion to the feast was salad .
0	long black hair baked carefully in the center of the pie !
0	we ordered a chicago style deep dish pizza from here tonight .
0	the chicken was burnt so badly .
0	salad was forgotten .
1	same goes for the garlic cheese bread .
1	do n't waste your money .
0	it was all just gross !
0	wasted money .
1	you will not find better prices , but you get what you pay for .
1	my son eats strawberries everyday , i could n't pass it up !
1	everything is super cheap but it 's all almost rotten .
1	containers of berries have a few moldy ones in it .
1	i ca n't get past how crowded and busy and this place is .
1	too much produce is coming from south of the border and tastes terrible .
0	i used to buy excellent blueberries there but no more .
0	smell was awful .
1	a year ago i would have rated this place _num_ stars .
1	fruit are cheap but it 's not a very good quality .
1	so , here i am .
1	horrible dentist .
0	the ice cream was cold & the fudge was hot .
0	when i sent an email to comment it was not answered for a week .
1	that is completely unethical and makes me sick that a company would do this .
1	it 's the principle of it that makes me so angry .
1	shame on them for taking advantage of us only _num_ weeks before closing !
0	fries were also cold .
1	i would advise strongly against this location .
1	i could n't believe it !
1	he 's more suited to clean the toilets then interact with people .
1	probably the worst part of my night there .
0	the rest of our meal did n't get much better .
1	the reviews i read did not describe the food i ate .
1	not great atmosphere in a little strip mall would not return .
1	my husband asked the waiter how big the portions are for the fettuccine alfredo .
1	i just think it is unorganized and confusing to have five different waiters .
1	normally at italian restaurants the calamari is fried , but not here .
1	i did not want a nasty rubbery ring tomato soup .
1	this place is such a rip off .
1	the inept greeter told us that the wait would n't be long .
1	we have not been acknowledged since we 've been sitting here .
0	the rest was rather bland .
1	price $ _num_ for _num_ raviolis .
1	if this is italian , dominos is pizza .
0	my wife ordered fettuccine , with alfredo sauce .
0	we were expecting a very good meal , and were very disappointed .
1	entrees , desserts , yum .
1	i felt sick after eating there .
0	the bread that was served was n't good , it tasted old .
0	we skipped dessert as we were already disappointed with our meal .
0	- atmosphere was cramped .
0	there was _num_ of us and we ordered different things .
0	they did n't even offer to comp us an app .
1	at night , this place is always run by a bunch of assholes .
1	car wash takes money but out of service .
1	so far i 'm not really impressed .
1	their customer service skills are way below par for being in the medical industry .
1	maybe it 's like her coworker said , this is n't a subway .
1	the store is dumpy looking and management needs to change .
1	cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products !
1	more like a big corporate machine that does n't care about their customers !
1	nope , way way worse .
0	i felt like crap the next day too .
0	we were greeted quickly and sat at a booth .
0	no attempt was made to clean the floor .
0	they were so dried out , i could barely bite into them .
1	total waste of $ $ .
0	chicken was chewy and cold .
0	i ordered boneless pork , and the meat looked old .
0	it was dry , and the sauce they used was n't good .
0	the pork lo mien was a disappointment as well .
1	and another thing ... ... slow slow slow service .
0	7:30 p.m. - i made my order at 5:30 .
0	chicken fried rice , cream cheese puffs , and a sprite .
0	then why did you tell me it was on the way ?
1	teachers are good but administration is terrible .
0	the guy came and talked for about _num_ hours .
0	a few days later they called me again to set up an appointment .
1	do not bother me anymore !
1	never use again , better off going to full service for $ _num_ !
1	i tried telling him that i do n't have a warranty on the car .
0	_num_ weeks later they had n't even started on it .
1	only because i ca n't give zero stars .
0	this time , i was really unsatisfied .
0	on the upside , employees were friendly .
0	gone there twice this past week .
1	will not being going back or recommending it to anyone .
1	bagel nosh ai n't it .
1	i really hate to say this because i always try to support local .
1	this is supposed to be fast food .
1	new travels quickly and need to turn this around quickly .
1	i hate to see this place go under .
0	after waiting _num_ minutes , she came out and asked me again .
0	they were completely out of plain bagels .
1	bagels are good but service is terrible .
1	what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
0	there were _num_ young men behind the counter .
1	i will not be back anytime soon which is a shame .
0	went here on a whim and i regret i did .
1	obviously i 'm lazy - i 'm eating at sonic !
1	it 's not like it went in my mouth or anything .
1	unfortunately they would not honor the price because it was their happy hour .
0	the happy hour price is not the same as what was advertised .
0	it was soggy and gross .
1	likely wo n't come back to this location .
1	and not just a little wrong but completely a different dish .
1	terrible !
1	may there not be any roaches in your food or table !
0	schnitzel was as tough as leather .
1	do n't waste your time !
0	the coffee was horrible , and the ice tea was flavorless even with lemon .
0	i told her this , and _num_ minutes later we received our plates .
0	the potatoes from dinner taste like boxed potatoes and not seasoned well .
1	not worth the money .
0	the beef was dry .
0	then never came back to check on us .
1	we each ate approximately _num_ or _num_ bites of our food .
1	lastly , the salad bar is nothing to write home about .
0	bavarian point used to be that way .
1	so disappointing on so many levels .
1	i do n't like this place at all .
1	the service is extremely poor .
0	the bill was $ _num_ for _num_ adults and _num_ kids .
0	i left a _num_ % tip due to the piss poor service .
0	not only was the food bad and overpriced , the service was terrible .
1	of course , we would n't see her for a while after that .
1	just two seconds , okay ? ''
0	if i was n't with my coworker , i would 've walked out .
0	the whole meal was disappointing .
1	no refilling drinks ... and the list goes on .
0	to our disappointment our server was the nasty waitress .
1	this is by far some of the worst german food i 've tasted .
1	they were neither compassionate or sensitive & have poor business practices .
0	the food was okay , i was really hoping to be more impressed .
0	prices for each were very reasonable and we also had a restaurant.com card .
0	i really missed vegetables and salad .
1	it was so salty i could n't eat it ) .
0	oddly , this german restaurant opened next to bavarian point .
1	the service is also not great in my experience .
1	go to bavarian point instead .
0	later that night my wife was in pain from the food .
1	you 'll have zero appetite after the first bite .
1	crap everywhere .
0	and the staff was okay , if not a little inexperienced .
0	but the food quality was n't good for the price .
0	my salad was a little better .
1	very rude and no customer service etiquette .
1	i am counting down the days until my lease is up .
1	do not rent here .
1	this is the worst place to live .
1	the girls in the office are all rude , no personality .
1	maintenance is a joke .
1	this review is long overdue .
1	it 's unfortunate that bad things happen to good people .
0	there was blue dye all over my walls .
1	she ca n't help me .
1	they are n't even willing to move me to another unit .
1	i do n't think i can stay another day to be honest .
1	expect a terrible experience , expect nothing .
0	rosa was no help .
0	i went there at around _num_ o'clock and it was n't very busy .
1	plus the garbage was overflowing .
1	ca n't handle the heat , get out of the kitchen .
1	no big deal right ?
0	after she replaced my order she refused to return my receipt to me .
1	i will not continue to support the wendy 's mission .
1	there are loads of restaurants in the area .
1	customer service is a joke .
1	they give back the wrong change constantly .
1	the guy is confused .
1	also costco is open sundays to do tires which discount is n't .
1	so he would n't fix it .
1	if it used to be safe , why is n't it safe now ?
1	it not , i suggest elsewhere .
1	it seems if you 're not buying something you 're made to wait longer .
1	total waste of time .
0	and they only wore them for pictures and a start clinic .
1	now that is terrible costumer service .
1	this has been my neighborhood kfc for about _num_ years .
0	the very chicken this chain was built upon .
1	well this unfortunately is not it !
1	speaking of the food here the quality has gone way down .
1	`` sorry sir .
0	the total cost was $ _num_ before taxes .
0	when he repeated my order , it was correct .
0	i do not like to be screwed over , or short changed .
1	a receipt should show an accurate transaction .
1	someone needs to do a better job managing this location .
1	i will not being going back .
1	i 'm sad that i wasted my money .
1	no , no no !
1	then there is the sales pitch for cosmetic and diet bs .
0	this was a bad experience .
1	we will not use arizona rose company again .
1	i would say lady but she did n't act like one .
0	first , the enchilada , refried beans and rice were cold on both plates .
0	the green chilis were tough and needed a steak knife to cut .
1	i will eat at other places .
0	i was charged $ _num_ , which my bank app can verify .
1	there does not appear to be a location at this address .
1	they have no bathroom around three small tables inside and out .
1	not good for a very pregnant women !
1	each visit i have gotten the _num_ wash .
1	besides why should they care , they already got my money !
1	it 's pretty disappointing to say the least .
1	i will not be going back .
1	needless to say we will not be returning .
0	problem was one showed $ _num_ lb .
0	i know dry aged and neither top sirloin was dry aged .
0	for a butcher , we expected a good steak .
0	i politely refused , and he gave me a dirty look .
0	i had promised my christmas guests crown roast .
1	i understand things go wrong .
0	we had dinner here tonight for my husbands birthday .
0	they brought rolls , which i was not impressed with .
0	the food was mediocre at best .
1	the restaurant section is awful .
0	the food was low quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
0	we asked only _num_ questions and were met with curt responses .
1	i have a complaint on service every time i go here .
1	wow anna the waitress was the rudest one one here .
0	the pecan one was dry and the other one was average .
1	not to many side dish options .
0	this was not , despite the length , intended to be a rant .
1	i encourage everyone o spread the word and start standing up for yourself .
1	no bathrooms !
1	this is the worst applebees i have been too .
0	i went with _num_ friends and our waitress was really rude .
1	not a good idea to have the bartender wait tables .
1	this applebees has gone downhill in the past several years .
0	the buffalo wings were tasty , but my steak was dry and tough .
1	it 's just a burger nothing awesome about it but nothing nasty about it .
1	this location seems be in epic fail mode .
1	do you like the game of hit and miss ?
1	i really want to like this applebee 's but i just do n't .
0	our waitress gave a pathetic , `` eh , sorry '' and walked away .
0	burger and salmon were both over cooked ; third entre presentation was blah .
0	towels smelled bad .
0	but she was not nice about it .
0	so i walked in the _num_ heat to an atm and back .
1	i go down to check out .
1	i 'm still beyond offended .
1	the office staff is very incompetent !
1	the wait time is always more than an hour and a half long .
0	the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
1	if i could give them zero stars i would !
0	but this place was not economical so the expectation was different .
0	the toilet was loose .
0	the tv was very old and dated and the reception was not that good.
0	i quickly ran to the walmart to buy some towels .
0	boy was i wrong , and taken advantage of .
1	there is nothing nice to say about this `` clinic '' .
0	the overall experience was just ok .
1	i do n't recommend brown rd animal clinic to anyone at all .
1	chuck just keeps raising the prices and wonders why no one comes in .
1	gross !
1	worst customer service ever !
0	needless to say i had to get the police involved .
1	scary neighborhood too .
1	it will be a cold day before i would buy anything from this place .
0	today i had a similar experience as joey .
1	my groupon is only for the two windows .
0	had to pay an additional $ _num_ .
1	it 's not real .
1	check out time is 10am .
0	now it 's not major but the job was not done perfect .
1	well as a resident let me just say you are severely lacking !
1	i suggest you save your money and bring your own beverages and lunch .
1	the greens looks as if they were lacking water .
1	the course is hard enough as it is without all that going on .
1	there are more friendly places to play and i will not be going back .
0	my problem was with the facilities .
0	they also only had _num_ sushi chefs in the very packed restaurant .
1	too big actually .
1	this place is mediocre at best .
1	this has been our go to sushi restaurant for the last _num_ years .
0	the service was horrible , and we waited almost _num_ hours for our sushi .
0	she left the bowls at the table .
1	the sushi was drowning in eel sauce , all over my plate .
0	service was ok , but nothing to get excited over .
1	interior design is very dated and in need of a complete deep cleaning .
1	got major attitude from the owners waitress .
1	judge a book by its cover .
0	the tempura was awful .
1	yikes , i give this place _num_ stars .
1	dinner is overpriced and the service leaves a lot to be desired .
1	not worth the price .
1	gas stations serve better coffee .
1	the breakfast seems more like buffet food .
0	service started out ok but that went downhill as time went on .
1	so i drove _num_ minutes down there and walked in at 1:30 .
1	the bottom line is , is he really does n't care .
0	this was not the case .
1	this is not a food bank or a church .
1	i have lost all respect for mountain view funeral home .
1	my advice , take customer service lessons from your local jimmy john 's .
1	the employees did n't really seem to care about being there .
0	only thing crazy about this place was the guy outside the front door .
1	ordered the barbecue beef sub and could not even finish it , so gross .
1	not a lot of flavor except for salt .
0	the clerk for the tow section was rude and did not give clear directions .
1	just avoid this place , use anyone else .
1	no answer to several attempts .
1	however they are incompetent and not straight forward .
0	first shop failed and second shop was fantastic .
1	it 's not too much to ask !
1	absolutely incompetent employees and management .
1	terrible service .
1	literally about _num_ minutes away .
0	it took about _num_ hours total which was anticipated .
0	the driver had the phone number and name of the vehicle owner .
1	_num_ hours to change my battery at the gas station .
0	he lost a _num_ '' bolt in my engine .
0	spent _num_ minutes looking for the bolt before he told me what happened .
0	so when i called i was told they are _num_ minutes away .
1	its like playing taste bud russian roulette .
1	also , i have n't had many great experiences with the staff here .
1	have been shooting my whole life .
1	a couple weeks later we returned , knowing full well the rules .
0	i was totally shocked and felt seriously offended and embarrassed .
1	i will never visit this place again .
0	made another visit over the weekend , the same awful experience .
1	_num_ is around the corner .
1	been over a month and have n't even received a courtesy email .
1	the facility itself is a _num_ star , the staff deserve a _num_ .
1	nazi douche bags run this place .
1	needless to say , one star is too many .
1	owners are great but the food is very bland and average at best .
0	it was n't too crisp and not too chewy .
0	took _num_ minutes to get hot coffee .
0	ordered egg whites , sausage , home fries , buttermilk pancakes and grits .
0	i had to wait for a complete do over .
1	prices i were too high for the portions they serve .
1	b rating on wall .
0	service was a little slow to begin with .
1	huge mistake .
1	steer clear of this late night disaster .
1	they now charge for debit card fee !
1	bad management if any here .
1	very greasy and very sad .
1	this has not had a bite out of it either !
1	i was doing jobs like this at _num_ .
0	e ) the fries were cold .
1	do not go here if you are in any kind of hurry .
1	no exaggeration i have waited _num_ minutes with _num_ cars .
1	absolutely no sauce , and no crust flavoring .
1	i 'm kinda frustrated and hungry at this point .
1	oil change does n't take this friggin long .
1	i 'm going elsewhere .
0	we waited _num_ hours for them to fix one flat !
0	the set of _num_ tires were over $ _num_ .
1	go somewhere else where else you can be treated like a real customer .
0	she was not busy , just had a very bad attitude .
1	i wish there were negative stars for this pep boys store !
1	sure enough , my a/c compressor is bad .
0	even hot it was not good .
0	the people we were with said their meal was ok but not great .
0	but the atmosphere inside was very sad .
0	she was not very friendly .
1	customer service is horrible ... .
1	wish yelp would start giving the option of half and quarter stars .
0	from the very beginning things started to go wrong .
1	i have never felt so unwelcome in a store before .
1	rude staff should make themselves an appointment .
1	now , i 've been trying to get in to see the doctor again .
1	it makes me sad .
1	nothing to like about this place .
1	the wait to be seen is always long and there is no waiting room .
1	only in it for the money .
1	mediocre at best when it comes to customer service !
1	in my opinion that is very poor customer service .
1	i have now spent _num_ hours on the phone , mostly on hold .
1	if i could give this place _num_ stars because i would .
0	he was short with me and plain out rude .
1	you can wait in line to check out for _num_ min .
1	the girl waiting on customers is rude .
1	this place goes up in price every year with no input or options .
1	as of late , they have been completely lacking in the customer service end .
0	my latest visit left me quite displeased .
1	after pointing out the issue , i had to wait an additional _num_ minutes .
1	avoid this place if you can help it .
1	avoid at all costs .
1	if you want a mystery order , try the drive-thru !
1	however , after numerous bad experiences we have decided to go elsewhere .
1	needless to say , we will not be going back to this location .
1	she could n't understand we just wanted a refund .
1	this location is terrible !
1	strongly do not recommend !
1	this place sucks .
1	_num_ people just sitting around watching tv .
1	also their chairs suck , only does lower back .
0	this place was horrible .
0	it was not removed like i asked .
1	and instantly they say no they will redo them and change the color .
1	i thought now i know why those idiots were laughing about .
1	customer service is nonexistent at this location .
0	an employee was helpful .
0	she said she was off the next day .
1	this place is horrible .
1	high turnover , poor facilities and regional manager not very helpful .
0	my tooth still has not been taken out after this unfortunate event .
1	or _num_ thin little steaks almost $ _num_ ?
1	no wonder this place is always so empty !
1	after reading other reviews , it sounds like this pricing is common practice .
0	by december 9th , i still had not received my photos .
1	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	why is n't there an option for no stars .
1	disappointed does n't even begin to describe how i feel .
1	i too wish i could give negative stars .
1	do n't bother being on time because they wo n't .
1	as for the food , it is expensive for what you get .
0	my side was dill potato salad and it tasted old and sour .
0	we stayed here _num_ days .
0	the ciabatta bread was cold .
1	not $ _num_ more .
1	like seriously , $ _num_ for fettuccine alfredo ?
1	there is better , cheaper italian food to be had in the valley .
0	veal was mushy and the marinara was way too sweet .
0	drinks were sub par at best .
0	i thought the dough however was bland and seemed overworked .
0	i got the berry and candied walnut salad .
1	in the past year i have had such bad pizza from vito 's .
1	so tonight i thought i would give it another chance .
1	the quality is just not worth the price of the pizza any more .
1	all in all , i do n't really want to ever return .
0	the food was just bland and not unique .
1	if all you want is pizza , this is the place .
1	gave it a try twice , will not come back .
0	i pulled out $ _num_ , and handed the driver $ _num_ .
0	he walked off , rather quickly .
0	driver scored almost a $ _num_ tip .
1	$ _num_ dollars for sauce , dough , cheese , and sausage ?
0	this was the worst service i have received in years .
0	over priced hole in the wall pizza joint .
1	not for us .
1	but i wo n't be back .
0	the crust had no flavor .
0	the caesar salad was watery and not seasoned properly .
1	hoping they change back to original chicken .
1	worst dining experience ever !
1	absolute garbage .
0	my spaghetti and meatballs was pure garbage .
1	whoever prepared that meal or is running the kitchen should be gone .
1	this is not anything close to italian cuisine .
1	cute place but disappointing food .
1	no more bark avenue for me .
0	my first time here , i had an appointment .
0	i called david and he told me they could not guarantee a seamless install .
0	we had carpet installed and sheet vinyl installed .
1	i get that but these are extreme and i talked to him several times .
0	so while their service sucked , the donuts looked pretty good .
1	i wish the owners read the reviews and fixed their employee issues .
1	hard and chewy ... it 's difficult to describe .
1	but the complete opposite of light and fluffy like they should be .
0	he did n't let me play and check either time after he finished .
0	_num_ an electrical outlet inside coach was supposed to be fixed .
0	then why did n't they put some in ?
1	shady sales people and owners does n't care .
0	an employee here used my credit card info _num_ weeks after i left arizona .
1	avoid this store at all costs .
1	terrible experience .
1	these guys are bad .
0	we used them only because it was who our home warranty company sent out .
1	as stated previously by many others , this company has horrible customer service .
1	i 've only been here to get gas , never to go inside .
1	place has really gone downhill since the `` move '' .
1	it is n't going to happen .
1	the staff is rude .
1	do n't do business here if you 're a woman .
1	would give _num_ stars if i could .
0	to top it off , a bite was taken out of my sandwich .
1	this place is disgusting and i will never be back .
1	if it were up to me , i would give negative stars .
0	got nothing .
0	plus they messed up my drink this past time .
1	worst service ever .
1	the place is dirty and super slow and the employees literally do n't listen .
0	i was first in line for the past _num_ to _num_ min .
0	i said no waiting to be seen .
1	you ever wait in a car repair place with a baby ?
0	they had not even called to see whether we were nearly there !
1	i would give _num_ stars if i could .
0	they were dry and no sauce was included with the sticks .
1	do n't eat inside .
0	poor customer service and food was cold .
0	the cashier here was very rude last time i went .
1	in fact , i 'm considering filing a complaint with the better business bureau .
1	do not take your dogs here ; you will be sorry .
1	it should not be so difficult to get a store credit for a purchase .
1	-- but no more .
1	i can bet you she was more then likely hurt too .
0	i have never been greeted with a smile or sent off with a goodbye .
1	only giving a one star because there 's no option for _num_ stars .
0	as i cut into the chicken it did n't cut like normal chicken .
1	i would have cooked them a tad more , myself .
0	my waitress brought out what turned out to be a sirloin steak .
1	yes , it was a sirloin and would i like a rib-eye .
1	wo n't be back to another chilis .
1	this is the third time they 've messed up that spice .
0	the worst , though , was my sister 's salad .
1	no more cesar salad and now , no more potato skins .
0	a few hours after i got home i felt awful .
1	( have n't been back since july ) .
1	they are unable to control the thermostat so it is usually really cold .
1	but this one is n't worth going to .
1	worst experience ever .
0	this was absolutely the worst restaurant salad i 've ever had .
0	almost zero other ingredients listed on the menu .
1	she is no longer afraid to go to school in the morning .
1	only come here if you have time to kill .
1	how do you get rid of _num_ % fat and _num_ % calories ?
1	my dining partner 's omelet was n't anything to brag about either .
1	ugh .
0	i sat next the register .
0	but this was not the case that morning .
1	zero food quality .
0	we felt the wait staff was not just busy , they were quite lax .
1	from what we hear , this place is usually very busy .
0	it was not .
0	it was turkey lunch meat and the bread was stale .
1	i will also say the wait staff was friendly , but a little slow .
1	after all the waiting and drama this place just is n't worth it .
1	the food here stinks !
0	during this whole time , our waitress did not once come to our table .
1	no updates on the order , no apologies for the delay .
0	soup was salty , fish over cooked and waitress was horrible .
0	today was the first worst service that my friend and i have received .
0	first off , i arrived before my friend got there .
1	it 's not too big of a deal .
0	we just noticed that we never got our beverages while we waited .
1	reading the other reviews on here i see others feel the same way .
1	only one other table was in there waiting for their food .
0	_num_ other tables had already eaten and were finishing up .
0	my side salad was served .
0	it was n't as if the _num_ waitresses were busy by all means .
1	sadly disappointed .
1	i hate this wal-mart .
1	zero stars .
1	$ _num_ for .
1	ok , my dog is _num_ .
1	you have n't actually done anything !
1	anyway , i think you get the point .
1	avoid if possible .
0	i and _num_ coworkers went yesterday for lunch .
0	desert peaks has now been crossed off our list .
0	she was not attentive to our needs at all .
1	this is coming from someone that eats lunch out _num_ times a week .
1	i should have stayed away .
1	if your a business owner looking for a new location please stop by .
0	it just was n't good .
1	the food did n't strike me as being overly fresh .
1	you could do worse , but you could also do a lot better .
0	my friend ordered two sushi rolls that tasted fine but they fell apart .
0	it was flat , and had no flavor whatsoever .
1	i pushed them away and would n't let my husband eat them .
1	i 'm not going back again .
0	she again told me to leave my phone as well .
0	the place was packed and there was only one grill available .
1	oh it gets worse .
0	poor service - slow , confused , language barrier .
0	i was n't much of a fan of the atmosphere or the food .
0	and it came with two whole pieces of chicken breast .
0	it was just too much food for one person .
1	wow , what a disappointment .
1	do n't waste your time on pizza .
0	the cold air poured around the door , which made my adult daughter uncomfortable .
1	so , she said she would put a credit down under my name .
0	she was sad ... .
1	slow , slow , slow .
1	very disappointing in the quality and flavor of the food .
0	our party ordered a variety of pizza , pasta , salads , steak .
1	up until tonight we ate here weekly .
1	i have been here a few times for work lunches .
1	he seems miserable .
0	he dropped off one of our plates and smelled of cigarettes .
0	the employee looked like they were going to cry .
0	we waited over _num_ minutes , a large inside booth opened and was empty .
0	extremely disappointing to be treated like this .
0	anyway , our food came out also fairly quickly .
0	unfortunately , he did not enjoy his dinner whatsoever .
0	our waitress also never checked on us once after our meals were served .
1	customer service is hit and miss with these guys .
0	( shipped april 16th ) .
1	the inventory here sucks .
1	and the ones they have are horrible .
0	last week i went in with a new yard project .
0	when i got to them there was not an employee to be found .
1	... ... .
0	i wanted the advertised deal as advertised , nothing more , nothing less .
0	thought _num_ bags should do it - did n't .
0	i was disappointed when my meal did not come with sauces .
1	my advice is to only go here for dessert .
1	we will not be back .
1	disgusting !
1	never , never , never , never again .
1	this is the worst excuse for portion control ever .
1	i probably wo n't visit again .
1	they also have half their sodas out of order every time .
1	wrong !
1	one piece of fish was so tough i could barely chew it .
1	poor customer service and the loss of a good tip !
1	i 'm sure it was n't a ribeye .
1	very disappointing .
0	i bought two steaks , four bacon wrapped jalapeos and two twice baked potatoes .
0	i had to get the cart from behind he and load my own groceries .
1	it ended up taking at least _num_ minutes .
0	he did not really seem to be to sympathetic .
0	got a basket with _num_ slices of bread ( slices of bread ?
0	meatballs did n't taste like they were made on site .
0	bread not toasted and not fresh .
0	_num_ : the food was almost warm .
0	strange , but they were n't horrible .
0	the mushrooms were stuffed with seafood and had a cream sauce and balsamic glaze .
1	what a shame , need to clean house on that place .
1	this staff is never prepared for the dinner rush .
0	the place was empty .
1	i want to like port of subs because they are conveniently located .
0	frank , the manager and now district manager was horrible to my mother .
0	delivery was late and after _num_ try 's with local store i called corporate .
0	3rd or 4th phone call got refund for late delivery .
0	we have had to return poorly pressed items multiple times .
1	unfortunately , they have issues with their laundry .
1	the owner refuses to return calls and does n't care about customers at all !
1	poor customer service ... .
1	cheap price with cheap quality .
1	not stress you out .
0	i recently changed my card so they were n't charging me .
1	this store does not seem to be concerned about repeat business .
1	worst place ever .
1	why am i paying for two hours of work ?
0	they came back and replaced parts , but it was still not right .
0	american said no .
1	no call .
0	talked and smoked with his co worker outside .
1	very unhappy !
1	the bbq meals at the restaurants much better !
0	ordered the rib tip appetizers with hot bbq sauce .
0	rib tips were n't tips and were way too fatty and tough .
0	the bun on the pork sandwich was stale beyond belief .
1	just plain old nasty food !
0	the only thing good about tom bbq sandwich was the toasted bread .
0	the mac and cheese was and mashed potatoes and gravy was good .
0	food was ok , service was bad .
1	i wo n't go back again .
1	big disappointment !
0	such a waste of money since it was so pricey .
0	for our sides we chose green beans , coleslaw , bbq beans .
1	dry brisket , good fries , not much else .
1	the service here is awful !
1	everytime its a huge disappointment and waist of money .
1	wasting my time on my lunch break .
1	it is just sad to see such a waste of prime real estate !
0	the type of view provided and the cheesy decor was almost embarrassing .
0	even the water tasted horrible .
1	if was n't for the view i will not return .
1	we trust home depot , so why not go with the guys they choose .
1	on various visits , they have been out of straws , cups and soy .
1	seriously not good !
0	the steaks were not cheap so we were very disappointed .
0	the beans were good and the cole slaw was ok .
1	waste of food .
0	low quality pressed ham with a canned pineapple glaze .
1	dry bland potato wedges .
1	ham nothing to write home about .
1	what a disappointment !
1	the food was awful and freezing cold .
1	what a huge disappointment !
1	very , very , very disappointing .
1	ate at family style restaurant expecting home made taste , far from that !
1	ham and ribs both poor quality and very bland tasting .
1	would n't mind paying price if food was worth it , but not .
1	will definitely not be back !
1	obviously they are not in need of business .
1	now the air doesnt work and they want _num_ to diagnose the problem .
1	so very disappointed !
1	and this is why trusting dealerships is hard .
0	as we walked away he said it was an honest mistake .
1	_num_ different times this has happened .
0	but i was left alone for _num_ minutes .
1	typical home depot .
1	friendly helpful staff , much more knowledgable than any lowe 's as usual .
1	can you say noisy and smelly ?
0	the place smelled greasy and it was so loud we went outside to eat .
0	prices for the chicken was very reasonable .
0	yes , chicken was fried .
0	all the fries were cold .
1	makes more sense to serve everyone happily then not .
1	very disappointed in my service and food today .
1	but the service sucks .
1	terrible service .
1	do n't waste your money or time here !
1	no music and very boring .
0	female bartender was very rude .
1	will not go to again .
1	very disappointed .
1	it appears the old management has left and started a different restaurant elsewhere .
1	nothing special .
0	not impressed .
1	_num_ month later its full again .
0	it very slowly went down .
0	this time the woman , was extremely rude .
1	after dealing with miss rude , someone showed up about an hour later .
0	servers were a little slow , but nice .
1	feeling ripped off and wo n't return .
0	the beer for $ _num_ was not outrageous .
0	it was horrible .
0	all of the jokes were in bad taste .
1	it 's boring , dusty , and overcrowded .
0	it took over _num_ hours to travel from gilbert .
0	she was nice enough , but that is too crowded .
1	are you kidding me ?
0	she did n't offer anything to compensate for the error on her part .
1	i would stay away from this business unless you like to gamble .
1	checking back in to make sure people understand how horrible this vendor is .
0	it was thick , doughy and tasteless .
0	most were very bland while others were just bad .
0	the other dish was poorly executed and just tasted bad .
0	overall , the place was really bad .
1	i did n't see a single korean there eating which is a bad sign .
0	the fish was stale and gray .
0	i tried to go beyond that and ordered _num_ different dishes .
0	the food did n't seem to be very fresh , but old .
0	on the side note , i noticed a lot of asian people in there .
1	the decor of the restaurant could use a bit of a remodel .
1	could have used a little spice in it .
0	the fish was not fresh and the mix of flavors were weird .
0	the gyoza dumplings were very greasy and had minimum filling .
0	the sushi was essentially a big rice roll with little to no fish .
0	i looked around and there were still customers .
1	were not coming back here again !
1	do not drink the water , it 's bad .
1	service is terrible .
1	there are a few servers left from the old owner but they hate it .
0	the gentleman said they closed at 9:30 ... did n't seem right .
0	the server and was extremely rude .
1	my biggest problem with this place is that it is dirty .
0	so i 'm out almost double of what we were supposed to pay .
1	i 'm really unsatisfied with this restaurant , but i still paid gratuity .
0	monday night , we were the only _num_ in the restaurant .
0	the latest yelp reviews complained about poor service n rude wait staff .
1	bad service and food .
1	very disappointed in this place .
1	i used to really like eating here but not any longer .
1	customer service could 've been better .
0	food was mediocre , service was horrible !
1	forget asking to split checks , they refused to do it for us .
0	this place was not prepared for a party of five and up .
1	thumbs down !
1	and do n't be fooled by the gate .
1	this is not a gated community .
1	management is useless and rude .
0	_num_ days later we received a bill for $ _num_ for damaged carpets .
0	nothing was ever sent to the lawyer or us .
1	just stay away .
0	well , if the shoe fits ... they were awful .
1	it 's a shady area with shady people and is no way luxury .
1	i can not stress enough , do your research and look elsewhere .
1	pretty frustrating when they give you the run around .
1	then they act like they ca n't be bothered with you or your problems .
1	i am experiencing horrible maintenance and front desk management support .
1	if i could leave a negative star review i would .
1	_num_ months later it still looks terrible .
1	_num_ months later .
1	that is not okay !
1	i can not wait until our lease is up to leave !
1	this is the worst place to live .
0	first time , stopped in for lunch .
1	i have also been experiencing mediocre service .
0	particularly since the place was relatively empty .
1	my favorite is the chicken mole .
1	you can not find that on most menus period and this is definitely authentic .
0	our waitress was awful .
1	he should have easily taken the $ _num_ off from our $ _num_ bill !
0	the salsa was the only thing that had any flavor .
0	the rice was hard , the beans were dry .
0	i gave the restaurant _num_ stars .
1	this place is absolutely horrible .
0	however , we were seated directly in front of the door to the patio .
0	food was mediocre but service was awful .
0	my expectations were so low that my original review was to high !
1	everything else i 've tried was just `` okay '' including the salsa 's .
1	it is quite expensive .
0	the food was mediocre .
1	that being said their service is not that great .
1	i probably wo n't go there again due to the service .
1	have been several times and service and food has gone down hill each time .
1	big disappointment
0	our server was one of the worst i have ever encountered .
1	huge mistake .
1	huge lack of customer service or wanting to make things right .
1	let 's just say they lost _num_ customers .
1	i would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
1	there are definitely better mexican food restaurants in chandler .
0	service was incredibly slow .
1	i have so many choices of mexican restaurants in chandler .
1	horrible service , mediocre food , terrible management .
0	took _num_ hours to eat , and the experience was less than memorable .
0	not worth the money for the experience we had .
0	service was bad to say the least .
1	would hate to see what a busy night would be .
0	i ordered fajitas and they tasted very much like a `` chemical taste '' .
0	no , sadly i had the same results .
0	but what i bit into was not good at all .
1	bad experience .
1	she has tried following up via email & phone without a response .
1	why make fajitas that need more tortillas than comes with ?
0	the manager did nothing to apologize for his servers terrible service either .
1	a _num_ % tip for horrible service !
1	trust me go to macayos or garcia 's instead .
1	in short , do n't waste you time .
1	nowhere near good enough food for the shitty service .
1	big mistake !
0	plus my corn tortillas were far from fresh !
1	this apartment complex is not luxurious in any way .
1	this is just an all around bad apartment leasing company .
1	honestly , a one star rating is even too much for this place .
1	worst pedicure of my life .
0	had to use a laundromat since my washing machine broke down .
1	in addition the free wifi was not working .
1	do n't believe their ads .
1	or for free , out of a trash bin .
1	personally , i 'd rather skip a meal than go here .
0	mac an cheese was watery , chicken alfredo was blah .
0	( this was not in the lease agreement ) .
1	do not put yourself in this situation .
1	not worth it .
1	it is one of the worst i 've been to .
1	you are forced to make your neighbors stand up to let you out .
1	pack _num_ adults into the venue and you can hardly breathe .
0	this itself was very grimy and difficult to read .
1	also it was not readily visible to customers entering the premises .
0	the mechanic at joe 's failed to call me and let me know .
0	i got half scoops of everything ( no meat in meat entrees ! )
0	absolute garbage we went to grab a quick dinner the other night .
1	this store is nasty .
1	however , this wal-mart has seen better days .
1	and it still smells weird .
0	less like pee than it used to , but still not good .
1	knowledge of medicine fail .
1	not the best walmart around .
1	wait times can be absolutely ridiculous even late at night .
1	do n't go here if you need anything .
1	i really feel this is the worst walmart i 've ever been in .
1	been to this place _num_ times , this morning being the 3rd .
0	small portions and the price was almost _num_ bucks .
1	i could actually see the pizza base through the toppings , sauce and cheese .
0	my husband and i ordered delivery tonight from venezia 's .
0	they also charged us $ _num_ for the honey , really ?
0	but the customer service and pizza were better than most .
1	we will be going elsewhere for pizza from now on .
1	this location could use some deep cleaning work all the staff behind the counter .
0	our pizzas also arrived cold .
1	will not be going back here ever again .
1	much better pizza out there folks !
1	i will never order here again , what a waste of _num_ dollars .
1	i would give them zero stars i i could .
0	been _num_ minutes .
0	this place lost it .
0	i actually hated it .
0	i ca n't remember the last time i had pizza and disliked my meal .
1	because they only have pepsi .
0	there was too much sauce and not much cheese .
1	just to be clear im the only other customer here right now .
1	i did n't realize you could mess up a pizza .
1	thanks cruise america for running our vacation and trying to kill us !
1	when they suddenly they do n't deliver anymore because they are closed .
1	no food no money .
1	i wo n't be back .
1	everything else though just does n't please the senses nor does the dirty tables .
0	she offered no apology and no compensation for my trouble .
1	horrible customer service .
1	kfc is just down the road .
0	so i was unable to bring the chicken in to get my money back .
0	he left the room and i 'm pretty sure he forgot about me .
1	horrible horrible place .
0	when we arrived it was extremely busy .
0	however that was where our enjoyment ended .
1	one of the worst dental experience of my life .
0	she took everything off me and sent me out .
1	usually you get an `` i am sorry , is everything okay ? ''
1	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	worst dentist in the entire state of arizona .
0	she said , `` yes '' and walked away .
1	annoying .
0	my mom ordered the margarita panini which was pretty good .
1	for the price , the wine is n't bad .
1	wrong !
1	`` i do n't have to pick up the keg ! ''
1	i never really get this angry about something .
0	disappointment was their closet friend !
0	it was so bad , it did n't even look like a sandwich .
0	i said `` no , this is horrible '' and asked for our check .
0	chicken was dry and it could have used flavor .
0	and while i thought the flavor was good , the execution was sloppy .
1	ick .
1	poor wines selection to qualify this place as a wine bar .
0	i am sorry to have given them the chance they never deserved .
0	this was n't it .
0	stopped in today with my boyfriend and our _num_ year old .
0	i ordered the burro chimi style cause i like a crispy shell .
1	and for $ _num_ , i could n't throw it away .
1	i told him that i will not pay three dollars extra for my meal .
1	the internet says they accept cards , as does yelp .
1	please know this is not correct .
1	do n't think we 'll be going back .
1	the tortillas are paper thin and have zero flavor .
1	every time it has been like trying to order from a monkey .
1	it 's also lacking in terms of equipment and towels .
1	the staff are very helpful .
0	oh well , it was only $ _num_ for a _num_ night stay .
1	the meeting rooms themselves are old and tired .
1	to think of all the money the team spent at that place !
1	the only pool complaint i have was from the last day of our stay .
0	i played on this course this last sunday and was so disappointed .
0	was worth only $ _num_ .
1	if your open to driving _num_ minutes the hilton is a much better option .
1	this is the worst golf course i 've ever played on .
0	then i made the hike to my room which was incredibly disappointing .
1	unfortunately , this is my home for the next _num_ 1/2 days .
1	first off , it is a hike to get to your room .
1	hopefully , i do n't take any bed bugs with me .
0	then i went in my room and i thought someone was still staying there .
1	the housekeeping continued to be a problem though .
1	when it 's _num_ out , you 'd rather have a completely enclosed hotel .
1	the only positive are the close with walking distance bars and restaurants .
1	horrible service !
1	very outdated and over all such a waste of time and money !
1	what did matter is the fact our air conditioning does n't work .
0	when did crown plaza put their names on sub par accommodations .
1	it 's like going out on an expensive blind date .
1	no microwave .
0	one had a sewer smell .
1	* ) outside hallways with no path to lobby .
1	for _num_ days , seriously ?
0	only selected _num_ star because i had to .
0	no shampoo or soap when i got there either .
1	not a surprise .
1	finally , i get to the room and the freaking toilet does n't flush .
1	this place is in need of a major makeover .
0	the next morning i went to the gym .
1	the hotel itself gets zero stars .
1	the required resort fee is a joke .
1	i would not recommend nor would i return .
0	it was like they had given us a room someone was already staying in .
1	the only good thing about this place is that the wi-fi is free .
0	boy was i wrong .
0	i used to have a bashas next to my house which was great .
0	i was disappointed everytime i shopped at this bashas .
1	the rest of the meat selection is also no good .
0	they rarely had items in stock that i was used to buying .
1	i 'm sorry , but me thinks not .
1	umm ... not $ _num_ !
0	i told him he never mentioned that the $ _num_ was a cash price .
1	lastly , this it the thing that bugs me the most .
0	i thought the tv was there to entertain the customers .
0	i was furious with the lack of customer service .
1	i 've never had a more terrible customer experience .
1	warning to everyone to do your research before doing business with this company .
0	when my food arrived , i quickly found out .
1	chandler and gilbert have several places for breakfast that rock all over this place .
1	so if you stop in i would stay away from the pancakes .
0	the first time i went it was n't bad .
1	needless to see we will never be returning here and wasting our money again !
0	service by waitress ruined the whole experience .
1	i give it _num_ stars because the cost is low .
1	i do n't think i 've ever had a worst breakfast .
1	keep trying to figure out why it had no taste .
1	my husbands burger was flat out disgusting .
1	obviously you would expect a little exaggeration , but that is misleading _num_ % .
1	i do n't know why i ever call in orders for this place .
1	every time i call in my order they always get it wrong .
1	at least one of them was trying to help a customer .
1	hopefully i just got them on a bad day and they have better service .
1	i will not be doing business with this company in the future .
0	they had my tire size , where most shops did not .
0	i only got _num_ thing i ordered .
0	out of _num_ combos , only _num_ was the one i actually ordered .
0	arrived rang the door bell once , waited _num_ minutes and rang it again .
0	waited about another _num_ mins and no one came out .
0	the place was n't even busy and i counted at least _num_ employees .
1	management really needs to figure this out .
0	manager was there but did n't seem to care .
1	i refuse to go to this mcdonald 's .
1	_num_ mins .
0	the store was not busy and there were at least _num_ employees around .
1	kids have been caught throwing rocks at cars for play time .
1	do n't waste your money !
0	unfortunately i had a very bad experience .
0	rude workers and they were not helpful at all .
1	i would not recommend this company .
1	their meat section is a joke lacking any real selection .
1	consistently the worst line management in the grocery industry .
1	but that 's not why i 'm giving them one star .
0	i went for lunch with my husband .
1	maybe last week when they sauteed it but now it was a soggy mess .
0	the two times i had seafood with the pasta i got sick .
0	it was our first time there with my fiance and the service was horrid .
1	no hello , have you been here before , welcome anything like that .
0	for what we had , it was totally overpriced .
1	the closest thing is the new italian restaurant by chris bianco .
1	meatballs to die for !
0	waited for _num_ minutes for them to get a table ready .
1	the whole place looks dated and not that clean .
1	management is rude and obnoxious .
1	they also spread rumors about people .
0	the pizza with artichokes , sausage and prosciutto was so-so .
1	will not go back again .
1	the cooks do n't really know what they 're doing either .
0	and why the hell did i order it ?
1	probably from a bottle or can , was not fresh brewed .
1	_num_ minutes we sat there waiting to give our order .
0	there were _num_ large tables that were getting ready to leave .
0	there was no excuse for the service .
0	we walked out and went down the street for lunch .
1	what was strange is that both servers were just wandering around the restaurant .
1	there were no other tables ordering and i find this just odd .
1	bad business practice for sure .
1	it has no flavor and it is rubbery .
0	i was n't blown away by the food .
0	the service was bad .
1	every day she answers and gives whatever excuse she can think of .
0	my daughter was way to sick to have just an ear infection .
1	i would highly recommend you find another doctor and practice for your pediatric needs .
0	i called tire pros back and told them what i found .
1	this was the worst service ever , will not be back .
1	if i could do negative stars i would .
1	unfortunately , now it 's all different .
1	i wonder if they changed owners , but i want the old way back !
0	took _num_ minutes to get one kid 's sandwich .
1	store needs better staffing to accommodate lunch hours .
1	i swear i used to love the grilled cheese sandwhich and tater tots .
1	the grilled cheese has hardly any cheese in it .
1	i left telling him i would talk to his manager .
0	i gave him a tip and left happy .
0	my oil and tire rotation ( i had and appointment ) took _num_ hours .
1	it is officially where customer service died .
1	know your company policies and do n't inconvenience the customer !
1	thanks for nothing and continue to earn your low star rating .
1	the worst customer service i have ever experienced at any car shop .
1	a job that should have taken no more than _num_ min .
0	we were super disappointed in the service we received from them .
0	management ( scott & mike ) was not helpful .
1	i would skip it .
0	built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are not kept up .
0	i hired these guys to come install a mirror in my master bath .
0	_num_ months to get a show door installed .
0	_num_ times they came out and ordered the wrong things .
1	go somewhere else or you 'll regret it .
1	i made the mistake , do n't you .
1	she said she would call back with an offer .
1	how dishonest !
0	they gave me $ _num_ off .
0	we just had a generally bad experience with this place .
0	it was just such a stupid process .
1	there is better pizza around and closer .
0	i also got _num_ piece box of boneless chicken too .
0	but it was n't , and i was n't .
1	but do n't expect free crushed peppers they charge a extra cost .
1	unethical company that does not live up to thier word .
1	stay away & do n't waste your money !
1	when i get home i 'm going online to file a formal complaint .
1	this place is not clean and no one cares apparently .
1	slow service .
1	not even close to being like serrano 's .
0	in any event , the booth she sat us at was filthy .
0	not only that , the cups were dirty and old .
0	both my husbands and my eggs were not seasoned whatsoever .
1	halloween is over and wont be happening for awhile .
0	there were a ton of empty tables .
1	my family has eaten here for as long as they 've been in business .
1	well first it 's not a biscuit .
1	i asked for over easy this is not hard to do !
1	unacceptable .
0	the dirty glasses and silverware did not help either .
1	terrible call .
0	that person didnt get their meal until everyone else was finished with their meal .
1	or am i wrong ?
1	not going back .
0	food was not very good .
1	i would not recommend eating here and will never be back .
0	the food was not much better .
1	it 's outdated like its food .
0	my boyfriend got the french toast , said it was okay but cold .
1	i can only compare this pizza to one of cheap $ _num_ pizza places !
1	i think they are a little over priced .
1	customer service totally horrible .
1	_num_ % tip ?
1	not on my receipt ( which i thankfully i kept . )
1	( we live _num_ miles away . )
1	unless you want to pay for incompetence and no food pick another pizza place .
1	did i want the chicken parm sandwich ?
1	apparently _num_ is n't the age to start working .
1	they do not take groupons .
0	the dough was like store bought .
0	my older dog cleared up , but the puppy continued to cough .
1	they would n't give me a quote over the phone for an exact procedure .
1	it 's not bad , by any means .
1	so sour taste write off the bat ... then the prices .
1	food is mediocre at best .
0	the place was filthy , covered in a layer of dust .
1	this place is horrible .
1	depressing atmosphere , poor quality food , very small portions , but high prices .
0	food was not that great at all .
1	but the worst thing is the owner .
1	staff is rude .
1	what may have once been shabby chic is now disgusting .
1	the prices are ridiculous !
1	disappointing .
1	very unprofessional , i do not recommend this place .
1	this place is a train wreck .
0	walked in around 2pm for a late lunch and drinks on a saturday .
1	probably wo n't come back .
1	guacamole extra but this can be expected .
0	food overpriced , no service , dark dingy atmosphere .
1	the only good thing about it is the location .
1	i would say they earned their _num_ rating .
1	glad to hear they are closed .
0	however , the tech said nothing to me about this .
1	extremely rude and inconsiderate .
1	there is an employee named melissa who flat out lies to your face .
0	was told we were moving into a newly remodeled apartment ... not true .
0	no one even called me .
1	i am stuck here until the end of november .
1	problems dragged on for _num_ months before the bike is finally working again .
0	finally i walked out , not happy .
1	because of this treatment , i will never buy another bmw product .
1	bmw na does n't care .
1	it should have been plenty of time to check the bike in .
1	not true .
1	i wo n't make that drive again .
1	absurd fees .
1	ick .
0	my husband 's order was n't much better .
1	i should have stuck with sun chinese dining .
1	strangely rude .
0	the fried rice was not fried rice .
0	was the food just sitting out before they brought it over ?
0	the meat was really chewy and the vegetables were mushy .
0	this last order , we threw most of it away .
1	i do not recommend this restaurant .
1	never get my online order in less than an hour .
0	i ordered chicken and broccoli and it taste just like fish .
0	delivery was quick but the crab puffs horrible , nothing inside .
1	never ordering again .
1	folks , be warned that this place is terrible !
1	it then takes turn to server other items .
1	worst chinese food i have ever had .
0	chicken wings were chewy .
0	the sesame chicken was all batter .
0	just came from there not even _num_ minutes ago .
1	chances are , anything you order there , will be a surprise .
1	i would seriously give zero if there 's `` zero star '' this option .
1	excuse me ?
0	the food was bland and cold .
1	i could only say , `` oh , really ?
1	i ca n't review the food as we never had any .
1	hire more waiters .
0	the noodle dish had some vegetables and pork .
1	i 've been to almost every chinese restaurant in the valley and wow !
0	the braised beef was extremely chewy .
1	very disappointed .
1	overall , very disappointed .
1	the english name of this restaurant is an old one .
1	please notice the other reviews are outdated .
1	meh , i 've experienced better indeed sums it up .
1	the other burger is cold and the nachos are wrong .
1	horrible service .
0	however , the last time we came , the wings were horrible .
1	zero stars in my book !
1	and know apology from you , the owner , shame on you !
0	at this point i knew i was in trouble .
0	i told him this was absolutely unacceptable and they had lost my business .
1	this is by far the worst place i have ever been to !
0	i waited _num_ minutes past my appointment time to see her assistant .
0	they also did n't look happy to be there .
1	if you care about your score , avoid this place .
0	the manager ran my credit card and gave me a receipt .
1	service is terrible .
1	absolutely ridiculous stay away from this place .
1	this is n't the first time .
1	filthy , filthy , filthy place .
1	all around just gross would never come here again .
0	hubby went here to get our car inspected .
1	the mechanic tried to pressure my hubby into doing the repairs at their shop .
0	they did nothing to help me , except put blame on me .
1	slowest place on earth .
1	_num_ people standing doing nothing while one person makes drinks .
1	not acknowledged when standing at the counter .
1	no , not yet .
1	this locations sucks .
1	if you hate helping customers so much , quit your job !
1	it 's in a bad location in chandler .
1	the place is dirty and smells bad , the employees are n't even clean .
0	all rooms were dark and dingy .
0	i had been warned and i did n't even know it .
0	and , i needed to get to work .
1	this animal hospital is just terrible .
1	the total bill for those procedures will run more than $ _num_ dollars .
1	needless to say , i will not be returning to this place ever again .
1	i had to wait about _num_ minutes and dr. christina shows up .
0	she checked my cat and then gave her the shot .
1	absolutely would not recommend this clinic if you care for your animals .
0	i was hosting a baby shower and ordered food from roberts .
1	do not eat at this place .
1	i wo n't even eat there for free .
0	had we not gone through drive through i would not have accepted the food .
0	and the food made me sick as a dog .
1	first thing to know is they only take cash .
1	gag !
1	yep never again .
1	you 'd be better off buying a box of fish sticks .
1	it 's not bad at all .
0	additionally , my tires were significantly out of balance .
0	this gave us time to peruse the menu and decide on a combo plate .
0	the beans were greasy and the enchiladas were like soup .
0	the service was pretty bad to , really slow .
1	the `` strips '' are frickin chips with shredded cheese .
1	not a huge helping , one of those small condiment to go containers .
1	the beans were very greasy but hey this is n't health food right ?
0	and the cook gave me a mean look .
1	the salsa is not fresh .
0	they put package shredded cheese on and not melted .
1	_num_ ) not inexpensive .
1	but i just ca n't eat here again .
1	unless you go to chandler high , skip this place .
0	the meat was pretty dry .
0	i was not upset about this fact .
1	not just cold , but frozen .
0	was n't too excited about it .
0	did n't wow me at all .
1	nothing special about this food at all .
0	we had high hopes but was very disappointed .
0	and the taco shells had been par cooked to long in advance .
1	we will not be back .
1	i was beginning to get irritated .
1	bleh , terrible all around ; definitely wo n't be going back .
1	i asked for some help to remove the storage fees but they would n't .
0	never went back .
1	they just ca n't get it going .
0	food was alright maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
1	do your research and not just online as the advertising is misleading !
0	the girl that refunded me was nice but usually i have crappy service there .
0	i went to this location on a friday and it was so loud inside .
0	it was gross .
0	the bathroom was n't much better .
1	they have a lot of tvs ... if you dont mind poor quality .
0	the chicken strips with buffalo sauce were hot , yummy , and crisp .
0	- they added chicken sliders .
1	i love a good dive bar but this place is disgusting !
1	the clinic here sucks .
1	here i am on day _num_ and still sick .
1	this pharmacy is absolutely terrible .
1	like `` ehh sorry .
1	no i mean this is every single time i come here .
1	but to me this is unacceptable .
1	it would have taken under a minute to send this to him .
0	she also called and had it transferred and filled in under half an hour .
1	to me this is the way customer service is done .
0	she also found out that the issue was his name was entered wrong .
1	very disappointing .
1	all mcdonalds are bad but this one is terrible .
1	big mistake .
0	service was bad and the food was cold .
0	gave me the wrong burger and it was cold .
1	they are number _num_ in terrible .
1	poor customer service .
0	my pedicure was okay , but i 've had much better for cheaper .
0	the manicure was terrible .
1	once , twice , three strikes , you 're out .
0	this lady had no idea what she was doing absolutely none .
0	there was no way i was returning to this chop shop today .
1	i 'm better off doing a box color .
1	i have forgotten her name but she is a boxed blonde , age _num_ !
1	totally rude and rather expensive for a bagel joint .
1	needless to say , we wo n't be going back .
1	... and then they still do n't get it right ?
1	customer service is mediocre .
0	the bagels were very salty tasting and hard .
1	i would not go back there again .
1	they do not respect our flag !
0	i was glad there was no wait , which actually surprised me .
0	i did ask without knowing and it paid off !
1	i will not be back .
1	seriously who paid for these reviews , does n't taste right to me .
1	we have given _num_ star reviews before .
1	new coffee introduced this past thursday is terrible .
1	now , no ice .
0	it used to be _num_ meals .
0	went for breakfast this morning , was n't very busy and service was horrible .
0	i ventured off the menu this weekend and order some eggs and pancakes .
1	i could not even get a return call from the owner .
1	the location is n't the best .
1	ive been here twice in _num_ years now i know why .
1	there is junk all over the shop .
1	i 'm not sure how that 's possible .
1	so far my experience has been bad .
1	it seems to get worse each time i give it another try .
1	if you buy six bagels they charge you $ _num_ .
1	that 's $ _num_ each plus tax .
0	even the regular bagel with cream cheese was a let down .
1	i 'm very disappointed in the quality of the food served here .
1	wo n't be returning , unfortunately .
1	i have n't been in years , and probably wo n't be going back .
1	i really , really do .
1	bad policy change .
1	its difficult to get through and they rarely answer their phone .
1	very disappointed in this salon .
0	last time i went , i requested a fill in .
1	i 'm disappointed and wo n't go back .
1	so ridiculous .
0	seriously , just put a tiny drop on the tip of each nail .
1	simply not acceptable .
1	one looked like he might be the manager , but i 'm not sure .
0	they did make eye contact and then ignored me .
1	what happened today is unacceptable .
1	all over them forgetting to give me my small frosty for my daughter .
1	the drive thru is beyond slow .
0	i had to bring it back , and is was still not fixed properly .
1	i would steer clear of this place .
1	then she turns me _num_ degrees so i ca n't see the mirror .
1	i would give this joint a _num_ star , but it 's not possible .
1	we could n't get out of there fast enough !
1	unbelievable , esp .
1	stupid me .
0	the dermatologist gave a wrong diagnosis for my other dog .
1	he could n't actually read her pressure , though .
0	sadly , our sweet boy passed away a few days later .
1	this place is a complete scam .
1	when they charge you , front desk says only _num_ $ dollars .
1	it is a money trap .
1	if i could give zero stars , i would .
1	i would recommend looking around outside of the islands community .
1	i never got a call back and the boards are still in the kitchen .
0	i was n't able to pay rent in the 1st .
1	do not rent these apartments regardless of any deals they are offering .
1	they have a very bad sewer coach roach problem there .
1	they are drinking smoking not safe for children to be around .
1	you get one parking per apartment and thats like _num_ spots from your apt .
1	i do not recommend to anyone .
1	wrong !
0	they also said that it was n't their fault , blah blah .
0	jiffy lube cracked my radiator with their `` flush '' service .
1	they are extremely overpriced and now just flat rude .
0	we then arranged for the customers car to be repaired .
0	we got to emergency and she died less then an hour later .
1	no wonder !
1	terrible selection of boxes .
1	horrible experience .
1	$ _num_ drafts .
1	my 2nd time there tonight .
1	`` my drivers license is n't good enough ?
1	my wife insisted we try this place because she 's really into hot wings .
0	we ended up staying , only because the kids were hungry .
0	visited my sister in phx last week and had a taste for wings .
1	this place is no better than a garbage dump .
1	she argued with me _num_ more times about letting them try again .
1	i am very disappointed with the service and the general manager .
0	unfortunately everything that our family liked , they changed and ruined it .
0	however the pizza was garbage and the garlic knots were dry .
1	the visit cost me $ _num_ .
1	_num_ days goes by ... no word .
1	no call back .
0	so , he quickly cut that out and put in a new pipe .
1	here we are today -- _num_ days later and still a broken pool system .
0	walked in and noticed the outdated decor ... and the smell .
0	i took one bite and it was the worst chili i had ever had !
1	not my favorite place , but ok if you like dive bars .
1	thumbs down !
0	we were excited that the tree was less and assumed it was on sale .
1	that 's $ _num_ more than the quote on the phone .
0	just say $ _num_ and be done with the false advertising !
0	she brought his , not mine and then asked if i wanted sauce .
1	party of _num_ .
0	food was cold even after sending back , beer was at _num_ degrees .
0	all was spoiled with waitress , food , and beer !
1	worse service ever .
0	was sooooo frustrating .
0	check was _num_ off .
0	called an hour later and nothing .
1	instead of trying to get me in and take care of me .
1	if you do n't like it go someplace else .
0	i never got the transmission fixed so i gave it two stars .
1	i really hate being lied to .
0	my husband was much more gracious , thanked him , and shook his hand .
1	wish me luck .
1	he denied taking the engine apart .
1	i 'm _num_ % sure these guys just disconnected the .
1	- would give it zero stars if i could .
0	interesting , as jack told me it had been done _num_ days before .
1	i wish there was a way to give negative stars in this situation !
0	i went with april a/c because of their great reviews online .
1	just wan na update .
1	so , stay away from this store !
1	i have to agree with everyone the customer service is `` non '' .
1	i would not recommend this company to anyone .
1	if you order call vodka they add $ _num_ to your bill .
1	$ _num_ for a neighborhood bar is crazy in my opinion .
1	usually i am charged _num_ to $ _num_ more , not $ _num_ .
1	horrible horrible service .
0	i said forget it we do n't want the food any more and left .
0	i am beyond disappointed in the customer service i received at this branch .
1	they will take that $ _num_ back if you have any returns .
1	disorganized , a total mess , staff is anything but helpful .
1	i 've never seen such terrible etiquette on a golf course before .
1	why should the first group have to wait on the 10th hole ?
1	horrible .
0	dead duck in pond on # _num_ had not been removed .
1	wo n't be going back .
1	it 's unfortunate since it 's so close to home .
1	oh well ... arizona has plenty of other courses .
0	such a shame because they used to do such a fantastic job .
1	this branch is getting worse and worse .
1	the food all has a weird taste and the fountain sodas taste like mold .
1	do n't be fooled by this `` gourmet '' shit either .
0	did n't they close already ?
0	i have had breakfast and also have had dinner and it was just awful .
0	i ordered the # _num_ , crunchy tacos .
1	horrible .
0	i had shredded beef ... tasteless , not seasoned .
1	the old school force is strong in this one .
1	very slow & bad service .
1	rude staff and horrible food .
1	avoid this place unless you like being ripped off .
1	it kills fun experience and get bad reviews like this .
1	the overall prices are not competitive with frys .
1	every time i come here they mess something up .
1	do not come here if you can help it .
1	a waste of your time .
1	no thank you no acknowledgement of my business no nothing .
1	never going back !
0	it was the most awkward phone call i 've ever had .
1	too much good stuff close to home .
1	i would not order the pizza based on those facts .
1	not good and not what i normally see from this place .
1	i 'm hungry though , so i still dig in .
1	no matter what the cause is , i will not return .
1	do n't think i will ever go back there again and save you money .
1	its not worth it .
0	it was so greasy it soaked _num_ paper towels before we could eat it .
1	but again , not worth the price .
0	unfortunately it was a total waste of $ _num_ .
1	well i 'm home sick and they are the only place that delivers here .
1	really disappointed .
0	so what was the remedy again ?
1	bring a lot of water because there is n't any on the course .
1	the drink cart will happily fill your bottle for a dollar .
0	booked tee time on executive course through the pro shop for this morning .
0	the greens and fairways were horrible .
1	golf in the arizona summer with no water on the course .
1	i will not be going back !
1	disappointing .
0	the people were not very friendly and the food was so so .
1	i do n't think i 'll fine here again anytime soon .
1	very greasy and tasteless food .
0	it had no flavor or very little sauce .
0	just tasted like heavily battered tasteless chicken .
0	the food was good , but the customer service was horrible .
1	gary ca n't stand behind his warranty or his work .
1	worst panda location ... staff is rude and do n't care .
1	yes they close at 9pm but they do n't care .
1	it is just ok .
1	but they do n't have any ideas for nail art .
0	just had to get these things off my chest .
1	and sometimes even rotten -- i.e .
0	the blue cheese gone bad on one visit .
0	prices were low , but so was the quality of the food .
1	place is outdated and needs some help .
0	waited another _num_ minutes before a waitress came by .
0	steak was such bad quality .
1	ugh .
0	service was a little off too .
1	but i wo n't be back .
0	i ordered the pancake breakfast : pancakes , two eggs and bacon .
1	$ _num_ ( myself and hubby ) before tip for a very disappointing meal .
0	a little disappointed as we came for lunch .
0	i 'm just disappointed because i really wanted to like the place .
1	horrible experience !
0	she also offered me a free facial the next time i came in .
1	i wo n't go back .
1	i thought ok , how long does it normally take ?
0	it was awful !
0	so i called the manager , nikki i believe was her name .
1	i was n't going to let her do a thing further to me .
1	place is too small .
1	shame on me for not leaving then .
1	at this moment , i am very frustrated with this business .
0	not impressed .
1	wrong .
0	said as soon as we filled out paperwork , she was ready for me .
0	thirty minutes later , my sister still had not been brought back .
0	the worst part was they did nothing to try and keep my business .
1	they have yet to respond to either of them .
0	she did not even clean under my nails !
1	so disappointed !
1	horrible horrible performance and service from the employee .
1	i 've been wanting to try this place out for well over a year .
0	when i arrived , no one was at the desk .
0	the receptionist was busy getting her nails done .
1	she would n't change my nail color because it was gel .
0	sorry brow lady , but that was just a little ridiculous .
1	safe to say i will not be returning .
1	it 's been over a week and a half and still no call back .
0	wish _num_ stars was an option .
1	horrible , horrible service !
1	they deserve zero stars .
1	this place should just be put out of business .
0	maria went so hard even though i was telling her it hurt .
1	i am not sure what happened to this place .
1	still to this day , no one has called .
0	i did n't bother to show up since no one had called me back .
0	there was no other brow lady , no other occupied shop for that matter .
0	this lady was not there even with a confirmed appointment .
1	not worth the wait .
1	has the usual variety of egg dishes , pancakes , omelets , etc .
1	the wait can be long for weekend brunch .
0	the coffee was terrible and the burrito was yuck .
1	uh , forget it .
1	ok , i am a big breakfast fan , trust me .
0	as for the food , i ordered the huevos rancheros .
1	long wait .
0	tasted the cakes and wished i 'd ordered the eggs .
1	there are much better places to eat breakfast for the price .
0	i was soooo excited to eat here .
1	food is okay but not worth the lengthy wait on weekends .
1	my biggest problem with the restaurant - the service .
0	needless to say , they did n't win a loyal customer with me .
1	first of all , too expensive .
1	waitresses wear tight black pants .
0	but both visits featured mediocre food ( esp .
1	it would n't be fair !
1	thirsty people are unhappy people .
1	then i mean the food comes .
0	the hostesses were beyond rude .
1	if i could give it a minus _num_ i would .
1	in my opinion , good food does not make up for horrible customer service .
1	it was is so overrated .
1	ate here saturday november 3rd .
0	later , after no other food , stomach problems and out it came .
1	visiting from out of town and went to the breakfast club .
1	its horrible .
1	decent food but horrible owner .
1	does n't believe it in ?
1	i would rather eat at the herb box .
0	the food was overpriced , their pancakes cost $ _num_ without any sides .
1	great food , but horrible service .
1	_num_ minutes go by , we ask again , and eventually get them .
0	the toast came cold , with no butter or jam .
0	however , no toast was present .
0	we were the first orders in , no one else was in the restaurant .
0	$ _num_ for breakfast was not worth it .
0	looked like a nice place but did n't want to deal with crappy service .
1	made the mistake of not reading them before hand .
0	the service sucked .
0	she really pissed me off .
0	my husband got the bird omelet which i tasted and yuck .
0	the flavors together were just not that good .
1	i really ca n't recommend the breakfast club .
0	after about _num_ minutes of this , i was fed up .
0	unfortunately , i was wrong .
0	went here to celebrate graduation and had the worst possible experience of my life .
0	three of us had seats at the bar and two were standing behind .
1	firstly it is expensive .
1	skip this place and go elsewhere !
1	in this , breakfast club fails .
1	$ _num_ `` harris ranch '' filet well .
1	also , never have coffee here .
0	servers attention was elsewhere ... never listened to our order .
1	horrible service !
1	the 1st rule of the breakfast club is never eat at the breakfast club .
1	the 2nd rule is never talk about the breakfast club .
0	it 's hit or miss with no consistency .
1	i am a big eggs benedict fan and was eager to try their version .
0	sadly , the hollandaise sauce tasted more like lemonade than hollandaise .
1	they are flat but ok .
1	ick .
1	this place could be amazing , but it just is n't .
0	she seemed like she was in a constant rush the entire time .
1	it is unfortunate because the food is great .
1	i guess it 's to go orders only from here on out .
0	it was not .
0	it was okay but nothing special .
1	no like suggestions or stars by popular plates how most places have it now .
1	on my 6th bite i could n't do it .
1	my stomach was n't allowing it .
0	it was n't really bad .
0	my stomach did not accept any of this food .
1	i think mcdonald 's ice coffee is better .
0	was advised there 's no service at these tables .
0	for 8am on a monday morning they were n't packed .
0	the bacon was in the omelet which i did not request .
1	i 'm not sure what his purpose was .
1	the only soda they have is coke .
1	no sprite .
1	right now i 'm very annoyed .
1	not impressed breakfast club .
1	skip this !
0	i did n't want to cause a scene that would have embarrassed my girlfriend .
1	hostesses who give your table away to the wrong party .
0	there was no one at the front .
1	they lost there _num_ % tip i wo n't be coming back !
0	note : my party of _num_ waited _num_ hour for a table .
1	thank you for the complete waste of time .
1	my primary complaint is not food but service .
1	horrible waste of my saturday .
1	well , long wait .
0	no coffee , wrong meal delivered .
0	i again was very polite throughout my entire time there .
1	steve is a jerk and needs serious training on how to treat customers .
0	turns out i was right and he was wrong .
1	there is enough competition in this city that you can avoid this company .
0	but only _num_ bottled water per person .
1	get there early , it does pack up pretty quickly .
1	just no reason .
1	they charge full price for an event they only have half the merchandise .
1	the price out on the sign for gas is the cash price .
1	this `` new '' management is super unprofessional and rude to customers .
1	went back , seems to suck even more than before .
1	i 'll spend my money in monterey .
1	they charge a $ _num_ convenience fee when you buy online .
1	no gown information .
0	it was ridiculous !
1	so i 've had to cancel my appointment yet again .
0	after all her hard work it still did n't fit right .
0	i did not like the hairdresser at all .
1	very unhappy with them .
1	horrible stylist !
1	nothing special and i wo n't be back .
0	you called me back once and i have n't heard back from you since .
0	it was a great deal - $ _num_ for haircut and partial highlight .
0	cookies had just come out of the oven .
0	twice , my order was wrong .
1	hate this place .
1	this is the only mcdonalds i have been in that does this .
1	if i could give zero stars i def would .
1	always wrong .
1	but unfortunately , you let me down !
1	no bottled water - ok , i can deal with that .
1	mom and dad just do n't get me .
1	( ha ! )
1	i wish that i could give this place half a star .
1	terrible !
1	should n't even give _num_ stars .
1	extremely disappointed with this store .
0	so i called and was surprised that someone actually answered .
1	pizza hut is paying him to do absolutely nothing !
1	i usually choose pizza hut among other competitors but not after this experience .
1	unfortunately i wo n't ever know because no one answers the phone .
1	i 've tried repeatedly to make an appointment to no avail .
0	it was just plain bad .
1	just stay away from this place .
1	suck a dick julio 's too .
1	it 's horrible .
1	do n't bother with the salsa , it comes from a jar .
0	did n't start with a good impression at all .
1	i 've worked in the restaurant industry for 10+ years , i get it .
0	just crappy mexican food the best part was the mexican flag in my food .
1	the salsa is watery and nasty .
0	it was n't frozen , either .
0	my last lunch actually gave me the runs .
0	when i entered this place i was confused if they were open or not .
0	the chicken and other meats ( steak especially ) was very flavorless as well .
0	the only highlight of our meal was the chips .
1	would not go back again .
1	i miss the days when julio g 's was down the street .
1	gross .
1	horrible .
1	sugary tomato sauce on the enchilada .
1	if your fries are hot , consider yourself lucky .
0	took over _num_ mins to get _num_ burgers , and fries .
1	wo n't go back again .
1	i 'll try five brothers next door instead .
1	this is not the case at this particular location in the scottsdale fashion square .
0	the guacamole was bad .
1	i think this is the step between taco time and an authentic mexican restaurant .
1	you should skip this place .
1	julio g 's is a poster child for everything a restaurant should not be .
1	well , probably not the last time , but it should be .
1	it is disgusting .
1	thats all i 'm gon na say .
1	do n't believe me ?
1	_num_ gets two stars from me .
1	it seems to always be crowded .
1	it 's seriously dump though - terrible food made from garbage ingredients .
0	the second time the food was so bland it made me want to cry .
1	i really do n't get it .
1	$ _num_ corona on a sunday night ?
1	skip this one .
1	sorry , too late for chips and salsa .
0	i sent the chips back .
0	the big problem was the waiter and waitress .
0	i hated that place .
0	drinks : watered down margaritas .
1	nasty .
1	something the menu stated would be a $ _num_ upgrade -- fine by me .
0	it was awful .
0	she then handed me a menu .
0	customer service by management here was terrible .
1	we wo n't be back next month or anytime after that .
0	but the food just was not good .
1	the food is mediocre and the staff are total jerks .
1	this place is a shit hole with shit service .
0	i was disappointed with the scottsdale location .
1	i feel like i threw away money by going there .
1	i wo n't be going back .
1	wrong again .
1	i pay the dude and the gal starts making my salad .
0	its not the container that the cheese was purchased in .
1	wish i could give this place _num_ stars .
1	this place deserves to go out of business .
1	i do not recommend giving it a try .
1	impossible !
0	in addition , no one asked if i needed help .
1	your store employees are pathetic .
1	this store is located in old town scottsdale gives tourists a bad experience .
1	we have large plates for the meal , but no small plates .
0	i 've always been disappointed with the level of service and quality of food .
1	i 'm dissapointed in this restaurant , i really wanted to like it .
1	it 's not worth it .
1	slow , and unprofessional , and in no way hospitable .
1	my bad .
1	the service , however , is not so great .
0	it took another _num_ minutes to get our correct order .
1	ended up leaving and going to az _num_ instead .
1	disappointing .
1	totally not my favorite place to go .
1	the sandwiches are n't that good .
1	b. refilling your horrible coffee without asking first .
1	i have never been a server so i really would not know .
1	well , third time is not a charm .
1	me : `` it does n't taste anything like it usually does . ''
1	big mistake .
1	worst service i have ever experienced .
0	took another _num_ minutes to get just one bloody mary .
0	food was wrong when it came out .
1	this place is just a complete joke !
1	terrible service , terrible prices , mediocre food , what a ripoff !
1	i always go on the weekend , and the wait is no surprise .
1	just do n't know why they were so slow .
1	no kids menu ... not even anything remotely kid friendly .
0	unfortunately , i had very poor service during my last visit .
0	when i complained to the manager , he made excuses and was disrespectful .
1	stopped here two weeks ago as i am always looking for yummy pancakes .
0	i was not impressed with the single overpriced pancake .
0	screwed up orders and it took over _num_ minutes to get our food !
0	food was okay .
1	a little pricey for an average meal with not much ambiance .
0	asked the hub would you go back he said no .
1	i of course would never go back .
1	the sandwiches are ok , but come with no sides .
1	slow food prep ( _num_ minutes from order to serve ) .
1	not enough to change my opinion that the establishment is not worth the rating .
0	and only cleared my plate we were clearly both done .
1	please know that this is a dog friendly restaurant .
0	went here , they were out of everything .
1	i am not impressed , but also because i was expecting a lot .
1	( go in with low expectations i guess ? )
1	she asked if he would mind stepping aside so she could speak to him .
1	result : never going back again , never saying a kind word .
1	entirely too much competition in this area .
1	not a charm .
1	it is not a huge place !
1	how long does it take to cook an egg ?
1	i love sweet things but this was too much .
0	they discounted our food , not our drinks .
1	maybe we will call in a togo order _num_ hours prior to meal time .
0	the food was really undercooked and slow to get .
1	the food itself is n't awful .
1	what horrible management .
1	this entire practice is terrible .
1	therefore , _num_ star .
1	so they serve food after 2am ?
1	obviously not new couches .
0	two bathrooms with one room each doesnt cut it for me .
1	seriously that is lame .
1	i am not kidding you this happened three times .
1	mickey 's is always packed with the worst people in town .
0	not impressed .
1	how about allowing people to complete paperwork online and not waste their time ?
0	the tech did not seem experienced and pressed way too hard against my belly .
1	rude employees .
1	i guess the manager got too greedy for his own good .
1	makes no sense .
1	dont forget $ _num_ cover charge and a $ _num_ water .
1	i guess she has a money tree .
1	bottom line save your time and money just go straight to somewhere else .
0	more than half the stale chips had nothing on them .
1	obviously does n't like visitors .
0	the atmosphere was neat although it is pretty cramped in there .
1	good drinks .
1	rude bartender .
1	i gave them _num_ star because the blonde female bartender has a nasty attitude .
0	singer was okay but nowhere near the professional level .
1	horrible service !
1	_num_ stars go to food .
1	tastes bland and a bit stale as if it was sitting around for awhile .
0	someone from the kitchen delivered our food .
0	there was garbage , literally garbage , all over the floor by our table .
1	not appetizing .
0	the bathroom was nothing short of 3rd world .
1	big mistake .
1	i dive into my lunch and something is off .
1	if i return , it wont be for a while .
1	absolute worst service i have ever experienced .
1	this place is terrible !
0	it did n't seem that bad when we walked onto the patio .
1	oh , and the hostess was smoking hookah while serving us .
0	there were two servers that i saw in the half hour i was waiting .
1	as all employees have previously shown .
1	until then , i 'm never coming back again .
1	disappointing , stay away .
1	i wo n't be back .
0	my friend ordered a chicken shawarma and also said it was n't good .
0	went here in search of a falafel fix .
1	the set-up here is a bit awkward , too .
1	the good reviews are long gone .
1	i 've eaten at the pita house on several occasions over the years .
0	the meat was just ok .
1	i have never gotten the sense that anyone who works here cares .
0	the dressing was not very good either .
1	every time i come here the service is really bad .
1	slow service .
0	table near us complained numerous times over less than desirable service .
0	i looked at her and said `` ok , can i see it '' ?
0	it was the worst experience of my life .
0	macadamia nut crusted chicken .
1	kona grill , come off it !
0	and our waitress took about _num_ minutes to bring us our check .
1	ick .
1	this is where you go to learn how sushi can go wrong .
0	server again disappeared in between my husband 's plate being removed and my finishing .
1	either way , wo n't be eating there again .
0	all i ate was the bbq chicken pizza and thought it was tasty .
0	went across to yard house , much better .
1	i dont know why i was expecting anything different .
1	what a disappointment .
1	too bad .
1	it has the worst sushi rolls and drinks are n't even that cheap .
1	skip this place and go elsewhere to spend your money .
1	it 's american food in the worst sense big island meat loaf ?
1	gross .
0	when my sushi arrived the bartender brought out the soy sauce .
1	all of this has been delivered about five minutes after ordering .
0	it was awful .
1	the miso soup seems like its from a dry mix .
1	aka fresher fish , better ingredients , and superior preparation .
1	too bad she has to work with horrible people .
1	whats even worse is the the `` manager '' actually did it .
1	too expensive for what you get .
1	_num_ minutes later , we get our food .
1	_num_ minutes .
1	but i guess shame on me for just looking for average service in scottsdale .
1	_num_ bad servers in one sitting not good !
0	beer was cold !
1	the staff is not trained on the rules .
1	he could not be bothered .
1	like _num_ % rice .
1	blew me away that is a $ _num_ roll ?
1	walked in the restaurant from the mall entrance and you could smell fish .
1	overall , we 'll never return and we should have went elsewhere .
0	the veggies with the sea bass were inedible .
1	two tables of patrons in the whole restaurant but no patrick .
0	sushi was not fresh .
1	do not order sushi here !
1	the rest of the food is also bad we tried several items .
1	i am still sitting at bar after _num_ minutes .
0	drinks gone , food gone .
1	no real reason on why .
1	but that is okay with me she was rude to begin with anyways .
1	sorry it 's a bit late .
0	on the saturday night , it had an entire section closed off .
1	this restaurant has a problem .
0	maybe the burger and i were n't a good match today ... .
1	not a dam sales associate greets or even help out .
1	one star is too high .
1	very pushy and not customer friendly at all !
1	she said the description is for a different one that is n't the picture .
0	that did n't even make sense .
1	terrible services !
1	once i pay mine off , i will not use it again .
1	just cash or check only .
1	most of the girls that work at this location have the worst customer service .
1	sadly , i must say i am disappointed with my main bank .
1	and told me to stop complaining or he would throw me out .
0	i had to say something ( in attempts to represent us customers ) .
1	if i could leave zero stars i would .
1	i will never step foot into this branch again .
1	drinks are expensive , but i expected that .
1	i would give negative stars if i could .
0	felt like i was in a bad part of phoenix or something .
1	terrible .
1	the food is mediocre and the atmosphere quite blah .
0	i decided to visit this location as i was already headed to whole foods .
1	are n't you being paid to work ?
1	hey , mistakes happen .
1	i have no clue .
0	the staff was n't overly polite .
1	zero indoor seating !
1	the lines can be very long - i do n't know why !
1	this is the worst starbucks i 've ever been to .
1	every shot they pull is old by the time they use it .
1	probably the worst customer service i have gotten from a starbucks .
1	honestly , the mornings are very dependable , but afternoons are disappointing .
1	it 's not that tough .
1	i would say just an okay hotel , not great .
1	this property is desperately in need of an update .
1	a corner jet tub bizarre layout .
0	the attendants downstairs were not friendly .
1	one would think that in scottsdale , they would at least provide drinking glasses .
0	my towels were dirty with brown spots all over it .
1	my version of arizona does n't include this style .
1	okay , perhaps _num_ is a slight ( gross ? )
0	it came out with less than a cup of pasta and no veggies .
0	our waiter was extremely rushed .
0	needless to say , we were furious .
0	dh & i came to bravo bistro tonight .
1	this is the exception .
0	needless to say , we skipped desert .
1	total bill for total sh*t and _num_ glasses of chianti ... $ _num_ .
1	nothing special , nothing to go out of your way for .
0	adequate portion but sauce was tasteless .
1	no garlic flavor , watery and bland .
0	my chicken marsala was alright , but still stingy , even with the sauce .
0	it was embarrassing for all involved , though i do n't think he noticed .
1	i 've never had such terrible service .
1	and i could them wandering around at the bar not actually doing anything .
1	i wo n't be going back .
0	we ordered _num_ appetizers and a bottle of wine .
1	needless to say , i went into this expecting a positive experience .
1	their food is of poor quality and high cost .
1	avoid this place at all costs !
0	the entrees were not impressive .
0	the enchilada sauce did n't bring out any flavor to the dish .
0	the pollo margarita was stuffed chicken breast with cheese and peppers .
1	the margaritas , i am sure , are made from a mix .
0	i did n't know what to do with them .
1	sorry , but i wo n't come back .
1	the tortillas along with their cilantro butter are nothing short of amazing .
1	ever see the _num_ girls , _num_ cup video ?
1	and i 'm _num_ years old .
1	complete rip off , dont believe the hype .
1	but , the service and the food , um , not so much .
0	shredded iceberg lettuce was the only vegetable .
1	the atmosphere is cool , but the food stinks .
0	i went here last week and had a really blah experience .
1	disappointing .
1	wrong .
1	this place is only for cocktails on the patio for the nice local .
1	do n't get me started on the staff !
1	completely forgettable mexican food .
1	nasty .
1	i will skip this place next time i am in the area .
0	we asked for things , like waters , that never came .
1	even the salsa was lacking .
1	if you are looking for good mexican food , do n't look here .
0	i did n't even understand it .
0	i ordered mole ribs , and the were inedible .
1	the menu is pretty limited and oh so pricey .
1	$ _num_ for two a la cart tacos .
0	the fish itself was not seasoned at all and actually had a fishy taste .
0	it just became mush .
0	for three of us , the tab totaled over $ _num_ before tip .
0	glass , and was mediocre .
0	the food left much to be desired .
1	i was really disappointed since the atmosphere is so neat .
1	pure garbage .
0	i returned it and ordered the chicken pasta .
1	terrible - no flavor , cold .
1	this place is horrible - go somewhere else .
1	service was bad with waiters only stopping by to sell more drinks .
1	and i highly recommend both the locals and tourists to avoid this place .
0	the red sauce on the red enchilada sauce tasted like very bitter vinegar .
1	oh , and parking sucks too .
0	and was extremely sick .
1	and salsa are not free .
1	if i could give a negative star review , i would .
0	she was told not at all ... .
0	i was disappointed in our experience .
0	we still had to wait _num_ minutes for a table .
1	a tortilla factory and you only make flour tortillas in one size ?
1	only a _num_ because of the great atmosphere .
0	unfortunately the food was terrible .
0	the chili verde was nearly inedible .
0	the food was bland and needed salt .
0	the service was very slow and the waitress was not attentive .
0	the chips and salsa were just fine .
1	nothing to rave about .
1	i would n't recommend it .
0	my husband had the pork chili verde and it was not good .
1	horrible !
1	it 's not that hard to make a fresh margarita !
1	also , walk around the property .
0	the nachos here , were made with more gourmet ingredients .
1	very disappointed in food and margaritas .
1	green pork chile more potatoes than pork and very runny just in a broth .
1	i 'm giving this place _num_ stars because of the value .
1	it was good mexican but not for the prices they charge .
1	i do n't feel like the meal was worth any where near that .
1	the margaritas taste like a whole lot of water and no alcohol .
0	the food was just mediocre ; not enough spice and flavor .
0	the guacamole was ok for my tastes with cilantro and jalapeos in it .
1	not at all like what i would expect .
1	a pork chop with one bite out of it .
0	my waiter was friendly enough but the food was just ok .
0	waited - over _num_ minutes ... after a reservations was made .
1	it is crying out for some basic server training and management .
1	none of us in our group will go back there again .
1	the shrimp was good but everything else i barely ate any of .
1	i have no desire to return here .
0	i had a steak and my wife had shrimp tacos .
1	this is a tourist trap full of less than mediocre food .
1	horrible !
1	i was very disappointed as i have been wanting to eat here for years .
1	regardless , avoid at all costs !
1	i would not order it again .
0	we asked for both with no sour cream .
0	i asked for some ... never came to the table .
0	it tasted like what you would think was boiled rubber !
1	i had no idea one could find mexican food this disappointing in arizona .
0	the tortilla bread service with butter was the highlight .
1	no flavor , extremely bland .
0	service was terrible .
0	most everything was on the bland side and appeared to be not freshly prepared .
0	so changed to nachos , but no cheese on them .
1	dirty looks from at least _num_ people .
1	the prices are unreasonable for the portions and quality of food .
0	the service was fine , but the food was just so bad .
1	lots of things to add , shrimp , chicken and steak .
1	completely , utterly , bland and watery .
1	very disappointed !
0	the shrimp had no flavor along with the chicken and meat .
0	not impressed .
1	the margaritas are watered down .
0	the food was over priced and not anything like mexican food .
0	the guacamole was watered down and looked like green chile hot sauce .
1	we have never done that before and we eat out together once a week !
0	i called steven paul himself and left him a message to make him aware .
0	he did not return my call either .
1	methinks not is damn right .
1	if they do cancel they do not leave voicemail to cover their end .
0	waited _num_ days and called them back .
0	so , i called them back today to cancel my service .
1	overall , i would n't go to this place during the weekend .
1	i would n't say this is my favorite place to go out .
1	i have only been there once for like _num_ minutes .
1	they were playing awesome music though .
1	maybe i like to hate too .
0	it would be nice that the dim lighting was turned up one more notch .
1	review is for food only , not service , which was fine .
1	the bread is tasteless and light , sort of like styrofoam .
1	just an awful meal .
1	everyone burns a pizza ... it happens .
1	i 'm not sure why i 'm giving it _num_ stars instead of _num_ .
0	then the after taste was over cooked butter and bad garlic .
1	cheese and butter make an awful combo .
1	i wish the butter and horrible garlic were n't on there .
1	i 'm mean it was so bad i could n't eat it .
0	it was a really bad meal .
1	horrible service .
0	the eggplant parmigiana was sadly a very different story .
0	i went on sunday around _num_ and the place was completely dead .
1	however , i am a food snob .
1	i understand the cheap labor that is available in arizona but , come on .
1	again showing the lack of care and preparation .
0	not a fan of the food but maybe i went on an off night .
1	quality control needs work at this place , we wont be going back .
1	it was a shame because we were really looking forward to dining there .
0	the service was horrible !
0	the margarita pizza tasted like it had canned tomato sauce on it .
0	wine list was great , however i would say service was absent .
0	the platter was not mentioned after that .
1	worst part is that they charge $ _num_ for the damn thing !
1	all this over an insulting _num_ minute period ?
1	a hint that they use cheap cheese .
0	he avoided my eyes and of course never approached our table !
0	whatever the girls were talking about was apparently more important than the customers .
1	not a very accommodating voice or comment .
1	we , and the other patrons ate pizza with our coats on .
1	have gone there about _num_ times over the last years .
1	but this has really gone down hill .
1	our salad was missing a couple ingredients , the cucumbers and peppers .
0	the sangria just tasted like cheap sangria , nothing special .
0	our pizza crust was burnt and flavorless .
0	bread was cold .
0	sangria was more juice less wine .
0	we came with a groupon , and received the worst service .
0	she barely gave us attention the rest of our visit there .
1	this place get negative stars !
0	we arrived on a sunday evening , there were _num_ other tables seated .
1	_num_ minutes later we get a small salad with dressing on .
0	_num_ minutes later our pizza came .
1	i will never return here and i will tell people not to go here .
0	i was with my friend and her mom and the service was horrible .
0	my client told me about this place not to long ago .
0	my boyfriend and i went for date night .
1	no hot sauce or ranch ?
1	horrible customer service .
1	after all that , she brought us _num_ glasses of very cold sangria .
1	no bread or clean plates after the salad .
1	luckily , i do have a pizza cutter so it worked out .
1	so we ask to have no olives , add tomatoes instead ) .
1	about _num_ minutes goes by and she comes out with our pizza .
1	we did only tell her once that we would like them .
0	i have never had such terrible service as we received at this place .
1	the waitress gave us total attitude about using them .
1	_num_ hours for pizza and dessert is nuts !
1	gross !
0	she then offered to take half off the pizza .
0	there were several slices that were not worth eating !
1	the restaurant is not that crowded and does not look understaffed .
0	the only good thing i experienced at this restaurant was the gluten-free crust pizza .
1	i hate to give this place a bad review .
0	the pizza was decent but at $ _num_ , i sort of expected better .
0	pizza was burnt also and looked like something from restaurant nightmare .
1	$ _num_ ?
1	disappointing evening at grazie .
0	pizza margherita had no basil and was very bland and mushy .
1	they would not remove the money from our bill and were extremely rude .
1	very bland cardboard .
1	will not recommend or return .
1	i 'm still so confused about this place .
0	my husband and children took me to grazie 's last night for my birthday .
1	horrible service , good food .
0	the onions were overly sweet like sugar had been added .
1	frankly , we do n't know what the explanation is for this poor experience .
1	one man , most likely the owner , doing everything .
1	waiting tables and cooking .
1	- the nurses argue .
0	he never came back with the pain meds he promised .
1	of course there will be adjustments made through insurance , but my lord .
1	i ask for ice chips , sorry not until we get ct results .
1	not a call , not a survey , not even by mail .
1	you are really not helping anyone anymore .
1	the nurses was just sitting around like it 's nothing to do .
1	because the longer you stay in the room the higher your bill .
1	until he said f it this is taking far too long .
1	they can thank you for the low rating .
1	if you travel a lot do not stay at this hotel .
0	food was alright ... but not up to par with the price .
0	jen was our waitress who was very polite and professional .
0	i do wish she would have stopped by and acknowledged the issue .
1	not going back there again or any red lobster !
0	she said that she would go and find my lost meal .
1	parking is a headache with a five floor gated parking garage .
1	worst management ever .
0	a very badly designed residential complex .
1	also , not one front office person still works there from when i started .
0	they said it was not an issue and that they would provide the space .
1	this is completely unacceptable .
1	nothing wrong with that , but they should describe it for what it is .
1	i have sat in the drive through for _num_ minutes , multiple times .
1	i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
1	tacky .
1	i 'd give this place _num_ or negative stars , if i could .
1	cheap drinks , cheap furnishings , cheap women ( whoa !
1	the food is not worth mentioning - except perhaps the hush puppies .
1	for your own safety do not go to the bathroom here .
1	it was basically just a stop in while heading from one place to another .
0	today was _num_ mins for chicken fingers and fries .
1	man , i got to stop hanging out in scottsdale .
1	is there a negative number for review ?
0	had a horrible experience in this bar/restaurant today .
0	sure enough , the nasty girl - erica , was our waitress .
1	busy , but not standing room only .
1	yes , it 's cheap .
1	there is n't a single reason to settle for horrible service .
1	gross !
1	`` i am too busy to be bothered with your little problems .
1	i guess it just make their life easier for scheduling .
0	the bartender was extremely rude and spoke to me like a was an idiot .
1	worst experience ever !
1	no customer service at all .
1	and no managers to speak to .
0	had the worst time !
1	the bartenders have no sense of priority and they treat you like crap .
0	the place was full but the whole experience left much to be desired .
1	i could n't find one thing that sets happy hour for what nothing .
0	the bathrooms were kind of gross .
0	i asked the waitress why i paid more .
1	i find that ridiculous !
0	we walked in at around 11pm on a wednesday .
0	i asked her what they had on draft and she replied i have _num_ .
1	some of the worst service i 've ever received .
1	i would skip this one .
1	it looks old and outdated .
1	it 's dirty and filthy .
1	i do n't understand why people still go here .
1	total disaster .
1	and would n't you know it !
1	this bugs me more than anything else , even the damage to the vehicles .
1	also , many things are consistently not stocked if you go in the evening .
1	zero customer service .
1	horrible service , no one around to ever help you find stuff .
1	unless you know exactly where something is do n't waste your time here .
1	so nobody can answer questions over the phone ?
1	so frustrating .
0	oh well , they just lost a $ _num_ sale !
1	the manager gave me the bullshit that they are service dogs .
1	thought nothing of it .
0	he did n't move .
0	they also had no reason on why they did n't contact me .
1	worst walgreens i 've ever been to ( speaking for the pharmacy ) .
1	safe to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
0	they did n't even have the right product from the beginning .
1	i have never been to a worse pharmacy !
1	this is over _num_ hours !
0	they told me to wait to get a new statement to pay .
1	i am an angry customer who do n't felt being treated correctly .
1	me : i know , except that this ride is for tomorrow morning .
1	however , the selection is nice , but we wo n't be back .
1	no wonder the employees are rude .
1	course is in terrible conditions .
1	the poor conditions keep serious players away .
1	terrible management .
1	unfortunately i hate to write a negative review but i have too .
1	which makes me sad .
1	we would n't go back to this place .
1	this place is definitely not closed .
1	the pool looks like a dirty mexican jacuzzi and smells like one too .
0	the office always gave me the run around very rude .
1	their customer service is awful as well they do n't help .
0	i just wished i would have believed the reviews .
1	should be _num_ .
1	do n't let the name and location fool you stay out !
1	just out in the open , no big deal .
1	are you kidding me ?
0	also , they lied about 24/7 security .
0	well we were wrong .
1	get the ghetto basketball court out .
1	the grass is dead everywhere .
1	this sounds like an exaggeration - it is n't .
1	it is a compete and total disregard to the tenants here .
1	for starters , the smell .
1	they barely have enough spaces for the people who live there .
1	the walls are that thin .
1	just not when it actually matters for their residents .
1	i was n't expecting much from scottsdale springs .
1	scottsdale springs is charging me around $ _num_ .
1	thing is there is nothing you can do against these guys .
1	once you leave , someone else will fall into the trap .
0	she absolutely did not go out of her way to help the customer .
0	the cut was uneven and terrible .
0	she also was short and rude with me .
0	i was so mad at her and myself .
0	not as advertised .
1	very disappointed .
1	poor customer service in store .
0	i said , ok , let me talk to her .
1	i should be allowed to see whatever dr .
1	the other main problem is that most of the people here are older .
1	not good for a bachelor party of guys in their _num_ 's .
1	so i would n't recommend this place .
0	for a high rated resort , it fell way short of expectations .
1	so essentially , you do n't really have a view .
1	you 'd probably get a better deal .
0	not surprisingly , the next morning they said the employees denied taking the money .
1	oh yeah , the hotel is old , tired and run down .
0	when we arrived they said that my room was not ready .
1	this place just stinks to hell and back .
1	i wish i could give it minus _num_ stars .
1	i would n't stay here again if they paid me .
0	they were dressed nice , and we had been out to the pool .
1	this review is strictly for relish burger bistro located at resort by golf club .
0	food was mediocre .
1	alcoholic drinks were good but pricey at $ _num_ - $ _num_ each .
1	it 's terrible .
1	there are _num_ floors and i 'm on the 5th floor .
1	cockroaches in my room .
1	terrible service is restaurants .
1	i would never stay their again .
0	the service at dinner last night was awful .
1	i 'm originally from scottsdale , and grew up dreaming of getting married here .
1	room _num_ .
1	this place was n't accommodating at all .
1	absolute nightmare .
1	feel free to read my review on that horrible dinner experience as well .
0	went to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
0	they said that the manager was busy , and that security would be coming .
1	i also do n't blame smokers for smoking in places where it is allowed .
1	horrible service .
0	basically was ignored the whole time we stayed .
1	i could not have been more wrong .
1	i would n't recommend going to this location .
1	first time i ate there will be my last .
1	i first step in the store it reeks of monkey balls lol .
1	first shop i checked out after moving to the phoenix area .
1	this business has worst return policies !
1	i have never been more stressed out shopping for makeup in my life .
1	we will not stay here again .
1	do n't stay in room _num_ .
0	this was a mistake .
0	that was n't too cool .
1	speaking of the shower , no hot water !
0	the mashed potatoes were excellent and the asparagus was n't too bad either .
0	the wine was extremely over priced .
1	avoid .
1	my traditional early morning oatmeal or yogurt breakfast was not going to do .
1	but would be about _num_ minutes and it would be up and running .
1	no hello , no smile , no `` can i help you . ''
1	me : what is expensive ?
1	worst business lady ever !
1	it smells like rotten food and looks old and dirty .
1	there 's another issue : pricing .
0	the receptionists were useless .
1	do n't waste your time and _num_ times what you should be paying !
0	i left the office feeling pissed .
1	rent at your own risk .
1	there rude and unprofessional .
1	we left after pointing out this was not showing customer appreciation .
0	wow , was i disappointed .
1	leave a message .
1	could you imagine if they could n't pull that off ?
1	not so impressed .
1	and could n't make the _num_ mile round trip to go back .
1	i am pulling my fur from them and will never use them again .
1	think twice -- this place is a dump .
1	an incredibly disappointment .
1	mediocre at best for concerts .
1	the acoustics also do n't seem very good there .
0	they were too perfect .
0	i drank some habanero ipa and burned my throat .
0	i waited _num_ minutes to go see a show i already had tickets to .
1	tons of empty space .
1	$ _num_ for a mixed drink in a plastic cup .
1	would n't come here for oktoberfest again .
0	too bad for you ... i had lots of money to spend today .
1	no melt in your mouth quality .
1	and trust me , you should stand outside , far far away .
1	every time since , not so good .
1	for fast food i like kfc in general ( grilled chicken ) .
1	what the other _num_ people were doing , i have no clue .
1	but they sure werent helping the lady out .
1	worst experience ever !
1	_num_ minutes later i go inside and ask for a refund .
1	do n't bother going .
1	worst kfc service ever .
0	the gal at the counter did n't know what to do with it .
0	i said forget the biscuits , so she gave me cole slaw instead .
1	this location is super busy and really could use double the staff .
0	the service itself was n't bad .
1	remind me why are they open again ?
1	after removing the bones there was _num_ bites of chicken .
1	dam what a waste of $ _num_ !
1	do n't waste your money here .
0	now , this was not for two pieces and a drink and a side .
0	i did not receive all that i ordered .
1	employees are rude and very slow .
1	i 'm still trying to wrap my brain around what happened yesterday .
1	whoever runs this thing is probably making bank off it .
0	that only saved one b.s .
1	not so much in scottsdale .
0	a miniature bread bowl filled with mayonnaise .
1	weak .
1	_num_ words - money pit !
1	the foods here are pretty bland .
1	the non tacos vendors are drinks and chain restaurants .
1	the only good thing about this place is the people watching .
0	i spent $ _num_ on 1/4 a box !
1	we kept adding money to our cards .
1	ugh .
0	even veterans of this were a bit confused .
1	the food , for the most part disgusting and expensive .
0	the bathroom situation was insane , especially for the women .
1	i really miss this festival !
0	the technician who came out was rude , rude , rude .
1	not a good place to take your animals unless its an emergency .
1	the staff is ok , not extremely nice but not mean .
1	only a couple of people actually seem to know what they 're doing .
1	just all around a shoddy place .
1	you will find equal or better for less ) .
1	i get to pick which test to do , no consultation !
1	i would not recommend this vet to anyone .
1	scottsdale vet clinic is rude and greedy , and inexperienced .
0	she was cold .
1	i guess she does n't like when she 's asked too many questions .
1	needless to say never visiting this office again .
1	i 'm sorry to my red bone .
0	i took my dog here to have him put to sleep do to .
0	i was sad i was hurt .
0	i bought airline tickets to spread him over disneyland .
1	pets are expensive , i understand but no reason to waste time or money .
1	i 'm not saying this veterinarian office is n't good .
1	the overall front service has been very sloppy in the past six months .
0	in other words , he educated me .
0	you lost a client today scottsdale vet clinic .
1	i am really embarrassed to send my patients to this pharmacy .
1	i wish i could give them negative stars .
1	so he can charge a bloody fortune for them .
1	i am a plumber , asshole .
1	so i have to go to the famous scottsdale plumbing co .
1	s e v e n t y dollars .
1	so anyway , buy nothing but the very minimum of what you need there .
0	i just wish they were a little less expensive .
0	at this time i got confused based on the initial quote they gave me .
1	horrible customer service .
1	company fails to listen to the voice of the customer .
1	this place has a chaotic feel .
1	all in all , i am not coming back to this place .
1	no ac !
0	we walked in and 1/2 the machines were out of order .
1	someone in there with a couple of dogs .
1	would n't wash my dog there much less anything else .
0	that being said , it was only 1pm and it was lunch time .
1	big gripe : no fries ?
1	they serve potato chips with all their sandwiches , no fries .
1	but a true old time parlor should have french fries .
0	second of all , the service was lousy .
1	now , it seems to be going downhill ... fast .
1	i am sure you are wondering where i am going with this .
0	first and foremost ; the service sucked .
1	sugar bowl could do it .
1	disappointing and not very good .
1	nothing special .
1	awkward line set up if you just want an ice cream cone .
1	no excuse for this .
1	i blew through _num_ calories + for garbage .
0	so let me get on to the dish i had .
1	the problem is nothing was good .
0	coleslaw was the worst i have ever had !
1	_num_ damn trips to just get our drinks .
1	they charge for refills too !
0	it was turkey and bread and lettuce and mayo .
1	no tomato .
1	nothing special .
0	come on , sugar bowl , step it up a little .
1	will not waste time here again .
0	older gentleman wandering around had a stained shirt on .
1	not thing special .
1	terrible service , rude staff & average ice cream .
0	the food ( burgers ) was gross !
0	i was very disappointed .
1	been going to the sugar bowl for _num_ years .
1	so now after _num_ minutes i also ask for water , napkins and silverware .
1	the lettuce was fresh and cold and so we 're the tomatoes .
0	the situation of the restroom : the sugar bowl was established in _num_ .
1	i think the wallpaper goes back to that period and is downright dirty .
1	good ice-cream poor service .
0	service was not good .
1	desperate need of some tlc .
0	... and i spent a couple of hours in our hotel bathroom that night !
1	worst ice cream i 've had in a long time .
1	this place is just awful now .
0	the few bites of solid ice cream were freezer burned .
0	my sundae was fine , but nothing i could n't have made at home .
1	nothing special especially for $ _num_ .
1	not really .
1	but i ca n't !
1	$ _num_ for a one scoop sundae ?
1	me : excuse me , this should have whipped cream and a cherry .
1	them : sorry , our whipped cream machine is broken .
1	are we in los angeles at these prices ?
1	the ice cream is creamy but the prices are ridiculous .
1	there is no children 's menu so we ordered my daughter _num_ hot dogs .
1	are you kidding me ?
1	wo n't be going back !
1	terrible service .
1	mediocre food .
1	it 's such a shame .
0	there were places that looked like they had n't ever been cleaned .
0	the kettle chips were the only decent thing on the plate .
1	server with buzz haircut as rude .
1	wo n't be back for a long time unfortunately .
1	the cart smells bad , as you can imagine .
1	i should have believed the negative reviews .
1	the place has obviously gone downhill over the years .
0	$ _num_ for a veggie sandwich on `` toasted '' bread that was cold .
1	over inflated prices for food that is beyond sub par .
1	very mediocre place .
0	i got chocolate ice cream and fudge over a brownie .
1	i would recommend spending your money someone else .
1	ten stars for him , minus nine for his office person .
1	at this point , you could n't pay me to go back there .
1	so , no !
1	dr. wilson is just unethical .
1	this places deserves negative stars !
1	do not go here , absolutely horrible .
1	i have had no problems with the friendliness of the staff .
1	it seem that everytime i go in i have to have some major procedure .
1	if your time is n't precious , then i would recommend them .
1	this place is awful !
1	i will never purchase another lv bag again .
0	how in the world did they happen to make the same mistake twice ?
1	no , lady .
1	never buy lv !
0	too bad cause sales staff was great though .
1	will not buy lv again !
0	it was a sunday afternoon , and it was not very busy at all .
1	bad bad customer service .
1	the oriental girl that works here is super rude .
1	i can not do anything for you . ''
1	went there twice , and wo n't go back .
1	although i think the false advertising is crap .
1	when you walk in , it smells like feet .
1	it makes me wonder how often the studio is cleaned down .
0	still a shrimp novice , i had no clue .
1	`` you grab their little legs and pull . ''
1	it 's the most disgusting thing i 've ever seen referred to as food .
1	i will not be going back to los olivos .
1	a two taco meal with rice and beans for $ _num_ ?
1	the queso ( $ _num_ .
0	the rice and beans were find , but nothing great .
0	i thought maybe she was getting menus or whatever , but no .
0	what a disappointment it was !
1	it 's sad .
1	: ( too greasy and no good taste !
1	the worst mexican my girlfriend and i have ever had !
0	just thrown together .
0	greasy hard shell tacos , they sucked .
1	do n't even bother wasting your time and money .
0	after that , it was all downhill .
1	the plates look like a disaster when served ; sauce everywhere , very disorganized .
1	not authentic .
1	looks like i 'm never coming back .
0	there was n't any flavors to savor or remember .
1	everything else is pretty mediocre and flavorless .
1	what more can i say except it is over priced , greasy mexican food !
0	service was a little slow but cordial .
1	it need a complete head to toe makeover from decor to .
1	that 's it for me , i wo n't be back .
0	overall the whole place looked very worn and dirty .
0	and this was not the first time i 've been to los olivos .
0	when i corrected him he ignored me .
0	the salsa was all tomato water and no substance .
0	the food was mediocre at best .
1	the staff is so rude !
0	my son had the fish tacos and the fish was delicious .
0	the service was very slow .
1	do n't even waste your time .
1	the building is old and the bathrooms are disgusting and falling apart .
1	the service is very bad .
0	the food took literally an hour and a half to get to our table .
1	if you go here , go luck .
0	it was very greasy but oddly the tortilla was hard and cardboard like .
0	my date had the flautas as which were bland to say the least .
1	will probably not return to los olivos ... .
1	i walk in and see two counters with people standing at them .
1	she looks up and does n't say anything .
0	i waited about _num_ or _num_ minutes and he never returned .
0	a server walked by us .
0	ignored us again .
0	it was very obvious why it was dead at 6pm in downtown scottsdale .
0	i went there last night with a large party ( _num_ ) .
0	all of which should have been warning signs of what was to come .
0	what we received should not be called mexican food .
0	we had hot plates but cold rice and lukewarm food .
0	the beef burrito was beef and a tortilla -- nothing else ; very bland .
0	i just had the worst margaritas i almost tried to drink .
0	it was also difficult to dip chips into salsa on a flat plate .
0	not like it used to be .
0	my fajitas were a salty , oily pile of onions & peppers .
1	are you kidding me ?
1	not even close .
0	food was hot .
1	overall very disappointing for a place that use to be great .
1	they 're bad !
0	the fish tacos just were not very flavorful .
1	you get a plate for salsa , and the chips are stale .
1	i wo n't be back .
1	horrible prices for low quality food .
0	i ordered the fish tacos and i got chicken tacos instead .
0	i was very disappointed with their lack of customer service and poor food .
0	portions small for amount of money spent .
0	my pregnant wife and i visited this restaurant on our last night in az .
1	besides the guacamole , everything was as bland as could be .
1	so i went inside anyways and could n't believe how expensive their dishes are .
1	free chips and salsa nothing to brag about .
1	this is an embarrassment to scottsdale .
0	the cheese crisp was divine .
0	i was very sure to say `` add _num_ % ! ''
1	avoid it .
1	but i am done .
1	also , it always seems like their coffee is hella burnt .
1	it 's totally insane that a chain coffee company can make so many mistakes .
1	five cars , _num_ minutes .
1	ah , uncomfortable .
1	one star for the unbelievable wine selection .
1	again , too bad they do n't know anything about their wine .
1	nothing last forever though .
1	i 'm still kind of confused about how i feel about this place .
0	the first thing thing we noticed when we walked in was the awful smell .
1	worst service in scottsdale .
1	slow , snobby and inattentive .
1	no kidding .
1	pretentious .
0	band was terrible and too loud .
0	the only free spot had a reserved sign on it .
1	it has definitely gone downhill in that time .
0	on top of it , this whole mess took over an hour to get .
1	i will never return here .
0	however , the music was good but very loud and the service was bad .
1	ahh no !
1	now i know i hate this place .
1	do n't bother !
0	this place used to be my favorite place to go .
1	the service has become pretty bad , and they charge cover now .
1	very disappointed .
1	rude staff , very dark and dim lighting and never a place to sit .
1	however , the staff is rude and unorganized .
0	staff was horribly inattentive .
0	that left a very sour taste in my mouth .
1	i still ca n't hear you , sorry .
1	i left without ordering anything .
1	also , they no longer serve flights .
1	this is ridiculous !
1	the food is only average as is the wine .
1	it 's a wednesday night at 9pm and there are only _num_ people here .
1	first off , we were sweating .
1	not sure why they do n't turn on the ac .
1	each time i 've returned in _num_ has been worse though .
0	i thought the general standard was `` first come , first served '' .
1	greedy establishment trying to be like vegas with that reserved crap .
1	some of the worst service i 've experienced .
0	i looked at yelp just to find out what time the band came on .
0	they took my card and did n't give it back .
1	returned for a graduation party and they 're still awful .
1	the place is dead as fuck .
1	_num_ minutes later i received a pool towel .
0	friendly staff but the warm room made it very uncomfortable .
1	not a fan for many reasons .
1	worst apartment complex ever !
0	whoever they hired to do the remodel was awful .
1	considering the price tag , i expected a lot more .
0	the food was delivered quickly and everything was just ok .
1	nothing to write home about .
1	if you 're cowboy ciao , the answer to all of these is no .
0	i wish i had bread so we could eat the sauce .
1	cowboy ciao ... well ... no .
0	the chopped salad was nice for about _num_ bites , then it got boring .
1	so boring i could barely taste it after the 4th bite .
1	overall , totally disappointed .
1	this could possibly be the worst experience i 've ever had at a restaurant .
0	unfortunately , the staff was n't nearly as excited to see us .
0	we chose to skip desert .
1	im one , ill admit .
0	not only that , but it was really warm in there .
0	it was literally cooler outside when we left than it was in the restaurant .
1	not a good sign on a hot summer night .
0	when i got a promotion , we went to cowboy ciao .
1	very painful !
0	neither of us liked it very much .
1	you could n't even taste the steak because of the gravy taste .
1	no dice this time .
1	twice in _num_ week you have really let me down .
0	i ordered take out , chopped salad and a short rib dinner .
1	take your money elsewhere .
1	highly disappointed .
0	this particular occasion was a serious disappointment .
0	the food came out lukewarm at best .
0	was excited to try it .
1	split the chopped salad and reuben .
0	took _num_ hours to get outta there and it was n't very busy .
1	$ _num_ later .
1	normally i would never tip below _num_ % + .
1	too expensive , too loud , and very outdated .
1	free mimosa = just ok mimosa .
1	my husband and i ate here with his parents saturday .
1	so disappointing .
0	the texture was just fine , but in the end too much salt .
0	none of these options were available .
1	so disappointing .
0	we had girl 's night dinner here and had a horrible experience .
0	we waited _num_ minutes after we finished our dinner to get our check .
0	my friend and i went here during restaurant week .
0	fifth , the food was not good .
0	the total bill for _num_ was $ _num_ with no alcohol !
1	lost points though for adding in an auto gratuity for subpar service ) .
0	apparently not ... because the manager was mia , too .
1	not a free drink , discount , etc .
1	our group of _num_ went here after having good experiences in the past .
0	the hostess was rude and impatient , and our server was inept .
1	wo n't be back .
0	i went here on a saturday night with a group of _num_ .
1	i guess even great restaurants have bad days .
1	this is shocking as they are not a `` seafood '' restaurant .
1	unfortunately , this place is a little pretentious for my liking .
1	too bad !
1	overall , not enjoyable .
0	it was just so-so .
1	tourist trap feeling .
1	total disappointment !
0	we were very disappointed with the exotic mushroom and lamb chops .
0	both items were bland and over cooked .
1	unfortunately we did n't enjoy the scallops or shrimp dish on the starters menu .
1	if i could give negative stars here , i would !
0	however , we had my nearly one year old baby with us at dinner .
1	when in scottsdale , might as well go to nordstrom rack .
0	was just completely ignored for fifteen minutes at the men 's sunglasses case .
0	not impressed .
1	or maybe that 's just a waste of time .
0	the coat did not fit well so i returned it .
1	the sales associate insisted free alterations are included with every purchase .
0	never have i been told no and had the representative just rudely walk away !
1	my brother goes up to the counter and asks what machaca is .
1	`` um , no i 've lived here most of my life . ''
1	price : $ _num_ for this meal ?
0	also , the owner was really , really rude and unfriendly .
1	this place is just ... ick .
1	places like this do not deserve our business .
0	the hot sauce was watered down no flavor but hot .
0	and , to top it off , threw out the food .
1	ugh , i 'm done with this place .
0	i had the machaca burro supreme tonight .
1	overall do n't waste your money and your palette .
0	i also ordered the plain cheese crisp .
1	the burro was small for $ _num_ and not very filling .
1	bad business .
1	no cheese .
0	i ordered _num_ beef tacos .
0	i was disgusted !
1	this is the most pathetic excuse for dining there is .
1	life is too short to eat crap .
1	this is the worst food ever .
1	white trash people you now have another gathering spot besides the greyhound bus terminals .
0	we waited _num_ minutes for our food .
1	_num_ out of _num_ , would not eat here again .
0	stopped here sunday morning for a quick breakfast .
0	there was nothing good about this breakfast at all .
0	waited _num_ minutes to be seated at a time with plenty of open tables .
1	inattentive service and dirty too .
1	im fucking sick of people being greedy and money hungry .
0	needless to say we left without eating but with time wasted .
1	bottom line go somewhere else , it 's not worth it .
1	totally ridiculous and so rude !
1	of course i 'm not going to with that attitude .
1	horrible experience .
1	standard denny 's fare .
1	i probably wo n't go back to this location .
1	for breakfast ?
1	but no , i think they truly earned a _num_ .
0	our service was also pitiful .
0	$ _num_ later we boxed up the food only to throw it away .
1	wo n't waste my time again .
1	no to go orders on weekends & holidays .
1	no smoking .
1	the hosted threw mad amounts of attitude to my very pregnant friend .
1	place needs a deep cleaning and training in customer service .
1	this location is by far the worst i 've ever been to .
1	there is an atm that charges a $ _num_ fee , yay .
1	what a disappointment .
1	for what they charge , yes portions are a bit on the small side .
0	the other time , i ordered bacon pancakes which were just ok .
1	may come back here , may not .
1	this location sucks .
1	the manager is a dishonest dealer .
0	the services was unfriendly to say the least .
1	the no credit cards accepted is a bit ridiculous in this day .
1	made the mistake of eating here twice .
1	the negatives above do n't make it worth the extensive wait for a table .
1	i ca n't eat green pepper so i asked for the potatoes without them .
0	we decided to still try it and the food was not good at all .
1	we were looking forward to eating here this morning , then everything went wrong .
1	very , very disappointing !
1	disappointment just begins to describe my experience .
1	it 's very small inside , the atmosphere is rather boring and bland .
0	it was `` regular '' waffle and not belgian which was great !
0	anyways , the coffee was sub-par and the waffle was stone cold .
0	she did n't charge me for coffee .
1	one bite and i was in the restroom throwing up .
1	just for the rudeness they get a _num_ star forever .
0	the way i was treated by the hostess made me turn around and leave .
1	_num_ bites out of each and we could stomach no more .
1	went to try this restaurant after passing it so many time .
1	they have good art , but horrible customer service .
1	what a horrible impression .
0	everything about it was lousy .
1	thats what i have to say about scottsdale lanes this saturday morning .
1	( customer service is not there specialty ) .
0	what an unpleasant experience that was !
0	i also ordered _num_ beer and that was almost $ _num_ .
1	the male staff , on the other hand , has to wear santa hats .
1	i can no longer recommend the jeweler which is a shame .
0	we had a very disappointing experience with this jeweler .
0	they had no clue about their merchandise .
0	this was the only card i brought in .
0	the phone rang _num_ times before they picked up .
1	no wonder this place has all one star reviews .
1	no way , no how .
1	arizona school of real estate gives you _num_ different study guides .
0	this school was a total waste of a lot of time and money .
1	when you test , you do not know what you get wrong .
1	then when the a/c goes on it gets so cold you need a jacket .
1	no thank you , no goodbye , nothing .
1	needless to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving .
1	god help , i have no idea why .
0	she never looked back in my direction .
1	though the waiting room is large , it 's often standing room only .
1	only now i 'm really hungry , and really pissed off .
1	the check-in process seems overly complicated .
1	soap .
0	did n't seem as dirty .
1	ok , but nothing special at all .
0	i returned home and a couple of hours later decided to check the repairs .
1	_num_ stars for the work .
1	minus _num_ stars because the service was poor and the prices are outrageous .
0	he was so pissed off because he knew his hair looked horrible .
1	plus , it is expensive .
1	so boring , skip this review now .
1	boring !
1	be sure to check your food because there not !
0	he walked off .
0	the mashed potatoes that came with it tasted like nothing ... .
1	ugh .
0	they were bone in ( really ?
1	they did however pay for that dish , but i will not be back .
1	big disappointment .
1	very unpleasant dinning experience .
0	on the plus side the manager stopped by to apologize .
0	our appetizer came out only moments before our food .
1	do n't understand the 3-5 stars for this place .
0	my husband got the halibut special , it was a little dry .
1	such an arrogant manager !
1	it is very rude and inappropriate .
0	the margarita was gross .
0	told the waitress , her response ... sorry .
1	i have _num_ emails , _num_ call and we are all set .
0	missed opportunity .
1	maybe i 'll give you another try , roaring fork .
1	disgusting regard for customers , i 've never felt so insulted .
0	however , the portions were very small .
0	the burger was very dry .
0	to top it off , the service was bad .
1	would not go back .
1	way too expensive .
1	i did n't end up ordering dessert because the vibe just was n't comforting .
0	i was thoroughly disappointed by the entree , however .
0	food was okay ... atmosphere was cool but the service was the worst !
1	fun environment .
0	visited during restaurant week .
1	they are going downhill .
0	food was a disappointment .
0	it was bland and tasteless .
1	this must 've been a not so good night in the kitchen .
1	maybe the winter chef goes north once summer comes ?
1	ugh ... if you need something printed just go next door to office depot .
0	turns out they had n't even looked at my car yet .
1	they also said it could be something else that cost _num_ .
1	not so much these days .
0	the post he put in was too big and too deep .
0	he referred me to a very expensive specialist to fix it .
0	the post he put in was too big and too deep .
1	pool area is not terrible , but not great either .
1	i then tried to shower and could not get hot water out .
1	so i wandered around looking for someone or for what to do .
0	i sat for _num_ minutes after my appointment time .
1	she clearly was not interested in helping a returning customer .
1	do n't let these people walk all over you because of their mistakes !
1	the worst taco bell i have ever been to .
1	everything on the menu taste bland .
1	that is seriously irritating .
0	she told me `` umm , probably $ _num_ . ''
0	fine , sure , not at all what i wanted , but okay .
0	well , i was wrong again .
0	the actual results were not that bad .
1	that 's probably how the holes became so .
1	you have a job that probably sucks , but guess what ?
1	the worst dry cleaners i have ever been to !
1	i would give them negative stars if i could .
0	never got an apology from him , nothing .
1	this place sucks .
0	he agreed with me and paid me the fair value of the shirt .
0	they had a chance to land a client but failed on the first try .
0	ordered carne asada fries and it tasted like mush as well .
0	fries were soggy and everything else was lacking flavor .
1	i do n't think that there is any way i 'd return though .
1	terrible everything .
0	the salsa tasted like nasty .
0	got no guacamole .
1	it 's better anyway !
0	for the money i paid it should have been a _num_ star experience .
1	i was drunk when i ate here .
1	$ _num_ for _num_ slices .
0	this was not an isolated incident either this happened multiple times .
1	bad idea .
0	what little meat there was , was n't horrible .
0	i got the chicken parm delivered .
0	it was n't so hot .
1	apparently they do n't do complete refunds , which makes _num_ sense .
1	buzzed or not , that long line can sure be annoying ... .
1	this place sucks .
1	avoid this place at all costs .
1	but i officially hate joes .
1	this place is creepy .
1	absolutely terrible , do not order from this place .
0	pizza was soggy & greasy .
1	do n't waste your $ $ going here !
1	what could have made it take more than _num_ times as long ?
1	my answer is not my problem .
1	thats the only positive thing i can say about joes .
0	the fries were soggy with no seasoning .
1	i would not order from here in the future .
1	this is not new york pizza .
0	ordered a pizza last night from these clowns .
0	the wings were well ... mediocre .
0	thrown into the trash , nothing good about it .
1	sorry if that 's too much for you to take on .
0	i ordered a _num_ dollar sandwich and was charged _num_ .
1	just fyi to the employees , not everyone that comes here is drunk .
1	the worst pizza ever eaten .
1	even my kids could n't eat it .
0	it was gross !
1	hardly a new york style pizza .
1	the woman takes my number , and says she 'll have somebody call me .
1	literally stale at this point .
0	actually , no ... it was pretty flavorless even when we reheated it .
1	also , could they not bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers ?
1	i wish i could leave more stars .
1	and that 's just not worth the $ $ when your starving .
1	bad customer service and subpar food .
1	after waiting _num_ hrs we called to check on our order .
0	they had n't even made it yet !
0	staff was not friendly to begin with .
1	vary bad customer service for delivery .
0	honestly it was n't very good at all .
1	as for me , i wish my food was bland .
0	my pad thai tasted like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
0	the noodles were too rubbery and the flavors were pretty standard .
0	boy was i wrong .
1	first thing you should know is that malee 's is not traditional thai food .
0	the thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
0	although both dishes were somewhat tasty , they simply did n't hit the mark .
1	wrong .
1	the restaurant was n't full so i do n't get it.
1	$ _num_ plus tip for just okay and not such a nice atmosphere ?
1	they have no idea what they are missing out on .
0	the soup base itself was far too sweet .
1	very , very dry .
1	skip this place !
0	it was a slap in the face on so many levels .
0	the food was not spectacular .
0	did not enjoy that all .
1	it has really gone downhill .
1	it is thai food in scottsdale .
1	the only thing thai about malee 's are the owners .
0	it was ok but not great .
1	overall , a disappointment .
1	not kidding .
1	shame on you .
1	i 'm in the industry too , i know how it goes !
0	this was unacceptable !
0	we had reservations so there was no surprise big group showing up .
1	i have sent maybe _num_ plates back in my adult life .
1	love phx but this is just another hyped up average girl next door .
1	i do n't know why so many people recommend it .
0	boring and overpriced .
1	by far the worst thai food i have had .
1	i would have done better getting an instant thai meal at the grocery store .
1	so really hot ? ''
1	no ... no ... just no .
0	the fish candy was blah .
0	it was like they had dumped chili powder into it .
0	the rice was also very dry .
1	$ _num_ for freaking take-out for _num_ people .
1	mediocre thai food .
0	not sure where the _num_ stars came from .
0	neither was spectacular .
0	the fish was fried ok , but that 's not rocket science .
1	the sauces are too thick , salty and not subtle .
1	terrible pad thai .
1	worst pad thai i 've ever had .
0	it was like me ordering spaghetti but they served me fettuccine alfredo .
1	sesame chicken salad with noodles .
1	personally , today for me , i just consumed wasted calories lol .
1	i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
0	we gave it another 5-10 minutes before we got up and left .
1	for the money , you 're better off going elsewhere .
1	nothing special not sure what the fuss is all about .
0	did n't really do anything for me .
1	no drinks , appetizers , etc .
1	no , sorry , that 's not ok .
1	food : bland , nowhere near authentic .
1	i have to say i am thoroughly disappointed .
0	the crab rangoons were nothing special .
1	will i return to restaurant ?
0	for one , it was very unprofessional and two , very out of line .
1	not authentic .
1	bad .
1	the entire meal cost $ _num_ .
1	you 'd pay only $ _num_ at any other thai restaurant .
1	i 've had better thai food in mexico .
0	only flavor was ketchup .
1	options are very limited .
1	do not buy from these people .
1	first off , the guy wo n't make any special orders for his customers .
1	it says $ _num_ delivery and i wanted to order a burrito .
1	my boyfriend has been a paying customer for _num_ freaking years .
1	i guess i should have just said that .
1	management appears brain dead .
1	food sounds great but tastes quite bland .
1	a shopping cart was missing after going through the carwash .
1	how about `` i 'm sorry we do n't offer hand washing '' .
0	seems like they just took a dirty rag and quickly wiped down .
1	that 's like a server counting a tip while standing at your table .
0	needed a fast wash so stopped in .
1	beyond that the cloth washer is filthy and dryer does n't work very well .
1	the manager refused to change the price saying that all the locals know this .
1	instead of being reputable they told me to pick another package .
0	i did and got a terrible job .
1	there are more reputable car washes close .
1	this place is just plain nasty .
1	i was hungry so i ate it .
0	what was i thinking ?
1	the reviews are wrong . ''
1	this place sucks .
1	i 'm definitely not bothering to come back here .
1	not when there 's a nellos and a great falafel place so nearby .
1	they are wrong .
1	that ridiculous bread ?
0	i did n't have an iphone .
1	qt and grocery stores have better wraps then this place and far less cheaper .
1	the owner would n't let me use the bathroom !
1	insurance last billed on may _num_ , _num_ . ''
1	you have 4-5 nurses in the office who do nothing .
1	fill out their necessary paperwork and see that the place is relatively empty .
1	wrong .
1	`` why not complain to management '' you say ?
1	absolutely ridiculous .
0	i was really disappointed .
1	what does that have to do with me , im not the carpet cleaners ?
1	you should 've taken a picture .
1	no shit its loud and dirty .
1	of course i am not going to live there again after that experience !
1	they could not be a more unethical business practice .
1	-they do not care about their tenants .
1	seriously stay away from this money trap .
1	it 's ridiculous !
1	since the first day i 've moved in here there has been endless problems .
1	one might think there would be not much more to say .
1	it 's better spent elsewhere in scottsdale .
1	even with my receipt she had no interest in helping me out .
1	and this second go around is horrible !
0	the tree branch was broken for about a week .
1	do n't even think about moving here .
1	if you live here , you only get one assigned covered parking space .
1	mind you , there are only about _num_ `` free '' parking spaces .
1	i do n't smoke and did n't stain anything .
0	they literally thought i was someone else and did n't remember me at all .
1	embarrassing for me , then .
1	with the prices now , i would n't give it a second glance .
1	it really makes the entire experience go downhill .
1	the ladies would not even acknowledge my presence in the store .
1	overall just a bad experience .
1	absolute waste of time and money .
1	pei wei is just as awful for less .
1	totally not worth the cost of the food.
0	i was so excited because i was totally craving rice noodles .
1	i get settled in and ready to dish up my entree .
1	not a long noodle in the entire order !
1	pf chang 's just ca n't get it right .
0	it took me a month to get back here .
0	i told them i had a bad experience last time .
0	it tasted like nothing .
1	she is visiting from another state .
0	i had a larger order catered for my company , nothing too big .
1	this is where things turned into an absolute nightmare .
1	we ordered the carnitas tacos appetizer which is _num_ tacos .
1	i do n't know why it was such a miss for them tonight .
1	_num_ p.m. arrival .
0	i had already picked out the glasses i wanted to try on .
0	i walked over and signed for my purchase .
1	plenty of associates around some friendly some well not so friendly .
1	someone i know went into this store to buy a purse .
1	( i hate name calling , but this was beyond reasonable . )
1	the lack of customer service is horrendous !
1	very disappointing and happens almost all the time .
0	it was truly the worst manicure and pedicure i 've ever had .
1	do n't waste your money !
1	i wish i could give this _num_ stars .
1	no thanks , there 's too much competition to lack in service like this .
0	i was extremely disappointed in this salon .
1	at this point the manicure was looking to take another hour .
1	beware , stay away , keep your money and go elsewhere .
1	no wonder they have so many bad reviews here !
0	wished i had read yelp before going there myself !
1	so here 's the deal on the service .
0	while not rude , he was not pleasant or overly friendly either .
1	when they say a small serves 2-3 , that 's 2-3 lunch sized portions .
1	if you 're a `` healthy '' eater , count on _num_ .
1	might come back , might not .
1	but i wo n't take my chances .
1	avoid the fat grumpy mean looking woman server with the broad face .
0	i was incredibly disappointed .
1	i will not be returning .
0	some was really good , some was really bad .
0	the cheese cake had no crust but was decent .
1	i just could n't eat the stuff it was so bad .
1	the host staff should have been helping in other areas .
1	ate there with a group of _num_ .
1	food is expensive for the lack of quality .
1	very unhappy .
1	very very disappointed and irritated .
0	it was truly bad !
1	do n't waste your money !
1	no i mean very bland .
0	our waitress hardly checked on us .
0	not to mention she was very rude and short with us .
1	( no exaggeration ) .
0	i mentioned it to the server and she shrugged it off .
0	standard salad and cheese bread were fine .
1	and , the restaurant is showing quite a bit of wear and tear .
1	overall a big disappointment .
1	that 's completely unacceptable .
1	did not tell me it would be $ _num_ for extra sauce .
1	plus lets not forget the $ _num_ for one meatball .
0	so the bill was $ _num_ for two small pastas and one meatball .
1	when i first walked in it has a weird setup .
0	the food was cold with no flavor .
0	she simply stood there and asked if we were ready yet .
0	i just gave up .
1	i will not be going back and will tell my friends not to bother .
1	i 've never been so disrespected by staff and management as i have here .
0	bad service , food was cold , and very expensive .
0	no bread for _num_ minutes and was cold .
0	ordered linguini with seafood , was cold to the touch .
0	had to returned one entree because too cold .
0	also they had ran out of basil which was a bummer .
1	going to avoid this place from now on .
0	the salad was nothing to brag about .
1	what kind of sports bar does n't serve sliders ?
1	no !
1	okay those people left it 's just me and my friend now -- crap !
1	forgettable food , drink , and atmosphere .
0	unfortunately , our viewing time was cut short by a pushy waitress .
1	not the best sports bar but nice patio .
1	tvs too small for the size of the place .
0	when i complained , i was called rude !
1	would n't return here before a game .
0	each time i was disappointed .
0	taste of food - it was really bad .
1	the naan wasnt like a naan at all but more like tandoori roti .
1	waste of money .
1	mediocre and extremely overpriced indian food .
1	_num_ ) apology in words means very little .
1	horrible service , good food though .
1	looks the waiters just dont want to work !
1	i 've had good indian food , so maybe i 'm biased .
0	had dinner there tonight .
0	the service was terrible .
0	after being seated it took _num_ minutes to get a waiter .
1	_num_ minutes to get a drink and then _num_ min .
1	terrible service .
1	she does n't belong in the service industry !
1	water tastes dirty ice tea was terrible .
1	i would skip this one .
1	i go in for a cleaning and then get a bill .
1	this is the first negative review i have written .
1	do not get a filling from this guy .
1	the food is not good .
1	do yourself a favor and do not visit this place .
1	whatever , no big deal .
1	i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
1	such a waste of money .
1	omg .
1	one of the worst nail salons i have ever been to .
1	i got the response `` i know '' in an extremely rude tone .
1	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
1	anyway , please please do n't waste your time nor money here .
0	this place was a waste of time and money .
0	my pedicure was mediocre at best .
1	i will never waste my money going back there .
1	this should be a zero star review .
0	she was done in about _num_ minutes .
1	okay atmosphere , it smells really bad inside .
1	if you are looking at going here i suggest not !
1	but do n't expect something worthwhile .
0	the place was clean and the staff was friendly .
0	i called and made an appointment for _num_ people for a pedicure and manicure .
0	i went first and my friend sat next to me and waited .
0	my friend had no waited _num_ minutes for her pedicure .
1	do n't go here for any reason .
1	avoid this awful nail salon !
1	do n't go here for any reason .
1	you 're wasting a lot time and money if you come here period !
0	when she was done they told me it would be _num_ dollars .
1	i call bs , and poor business practices .
1	now they have lost a customer to save themselves $ _num_ .
1	i would not suggest that anyone ever tries this place out .
0	i went back to the courts for another referral this place was so bad .
0	i explained this was impossible and that i had attended ever single one .
1	random employees coming and going , no consistency .
1	their customer service skills are worse than mcdonalds employees .
1	maintenance is required monthly .
1	anything she tells you is a lie .
1	there are enough cockroaches for a horror film .
1	here it 's like hell .
1	they put in new laundry units and half of them did not work .
1	some of the residents are questionable .
1	only adding a star because i have to .
1	nasty apartments .
1	only thing good is the location .
1	im only leaving _num_ star because i have to .
1	they are the worst management company i have even dealt with .
1	our air has n't been working for the past few weeks .
0	since it was a first time order , i gave them a break .
1	do n't waste your money .
1	just terrible is all i can say .
1	no taste no flavor a basic chain style pie with no soul .
0	when they arrived _num_ minutes later , both pizzas were soggy and inedible .
0	this was a $ _num_ .
1	but it was disgusting and hot in there .
1	maybe next time people should n't stare at us as much ?
1	it would have been nice to know that .
1	and try and talk to the door man .
1	cheesy band playing .
1	oh and the drinks are expensive too .
1	yes , i 'm dumb on how i spend my money .
1	yes , i do n't care if i pick up a pig .
0	the only reason i was back was for a concert .
1	the people at the door had the worst attitudes i have ever come across .
0	i was n't even buzzed .
1	this is after i paid $ _num_ to see a band .
1	i will never go back to this place again .
1	i know where to find it -- this place !
1	i could n't leave fast enough .
1	weird , but whatever .
1	what a waste of time and money .
0	the dim sum items were over steamed and were dried out on top .
1	not only is the food horrible , it 's dirty and service sucks .
1	this might be a harsh review but i gave them _num_ chances .
1	with all the good reviews me and my bf decide to try it out .
0	it looked like egg drop soup that i could have made in my sleep .
1	i do n't understand all of the great reviews of this place .
1	the food here is pretty blah .
1	so rude .
1	and annoying .
1	not cool .
1	do not purchase the beef and zucchini or shrimp panang .
1	the crab rolls as an appetizer should just be thrown in the trash ... .
1	i will not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
1	chang and pei wei ) , you can often get away with that .
1	oh no , no , no !
1	neither of us ate it .
1	they lack taste and still does n't compare to my mother 's thai recipe .
0	a few months ago i went to this place at lunchtime .
1	overall somehow the dish was bland .
0	the rice that came with it was soggy - too much water .
0	the flavor was n't bad , but overcooked noodles really ruins a noodle dish .
0	the egg rolls were ok , they could have been more crunchy .
1	ca n't believe they call this pho .
1	it 's not .
0	it was a major turn off .
0	the sauce for the steamed dumplings was way off .
1	i know i 'm being hard on this place .
0	what she was served was overcooked chicken in an overly sweet sauce .
0	the chow mein was not even chow mein by any definition !
0	i came here to grab lunch based on the reviews and was disappointed !
0	it was dark , heavy and was salty .
1	, and crispy chicken with thai basil .
1	could barely taste or see the basil .
1	the plate is full with unnecessary crispy noodle .
1	gag .
0	when i pointed out his mistake , he still did n't believe me .
1	overall rude and unwelcoming .
1	terrible .
1	are you kidding me ?
0	i took a sip and it was pretty gross - way too much syrup !
1	i 've had supermarket bakery donuts that are much better and cheaper .
0	she grabbed them from me and said she would make them over .
0	she said she was n't and then just walked away again .
1	wow , ridiculous .
1	not all the new people up to speed .
0	waited _num_ minutes for a starter wrap .
1	no hand washing or food service gloves .
1	no hand washing or food service gloves .
0	plus the dude did n't even know how to work the computer .
1	someone needs to train their answering service how to speak to potential clients .
1	certainly will not be going here !
1	never once did anyone apologize for being late .
1	paste that has been sitting in a bucket for _num_ days .
1	and whatever you do , do n't forget to close your tab !
1	wtf !
1	total waste of a great place .
1	i would recommend trying something else in the valley before trying here .
1	no spice , no flavor , and runny as all get out .
1	so the last couple times i 've been to carlsbad i 've been disappointed .
1	this place has really lost its luster .
1	it came out so spicy that she could n't even eat it .
0	the bartender , i think his name was louie , was very friendly .
1	this is not new mexican food .
1	more of a tex-mex than authentic mexican food .
0	the cheese crisp was flavorless and unappetizing .
0	the pork was dry and flavorless .
0	i decided it was time to give it another try .
1	bland food , bland food , and bland food .
1	no more !
0	not impressed .
1	great waiter too !
1	anyway , i 'm just not sure i want to return .
1	this has to be the worst tex-mex i 've ever had .
1	i do n't know why it has such high ratings .
0	he then brought me a sangria which was all ice .
1	i would not recommend this place .
1	overall , we are disappointed with the service .
0	how wrong i was .
1	this place is ridiculous .
1	it 's dreadful and just pathetic .
1	this lady even spoke about how she was drinking and driving home .
1	no green onion , no tomato , no guac .
0	meatloaf was over cooked , green chile burger was flavorless .
1	sorry to my family for wasting your money .
1	zero stars .
1	i will .
1	it was literally floating in grease .
1	totally disgusting .
1	like you could n't cut then with a knife .
1	my sister and i very disappointed .
1	not sure why not that many people there .
1	plus the worst cheese crisp ever !
1	i will not be coming back .
0	the pork enchilada was soo dry i gave up & spit it out .
1	i do not recommend this place .
1	salsa is not hot or good .
1	$ _num_ bad margaritas .
1	bit of a disappointment .
0	he kept telling me it tasted off .
1	unfortunately it took a turn for the worst and we will never come back .
0	the server was awful .
0	my educated guess was that he had been drinking .
1	however , it just keeps getting worse .
0	the food itself was overpriced and just okay .
1	why only late night ?
1	maybe next time i will just order take-out from this establishment instead .
0	food came out & food was bland and so disappointing .
1	never going back .
1	i am so disappointed in how this has gone downhill .
1	you ca n't really put the blame on them , can you ?
1	i must say , the blue corn tortilla enchiladas were not that bad .
1	i would not recommend the carlsbad tavern restaurant .
1	i know , i know .
0	food was nothing special .
0	the service was slow with refills and the restaurant was not busy .
1	would n't recommend going here .
1	i would n't come back again .
1	worst dining experience ever .
1	not a chance .
0	the food was too spicy to enjoy .
1	but we wo n't be coming back .
1	while unique it was not something that i would try again .
1	nobody cooks like moms .
1	i would say in all that the restaurant had maybe _num_ tables tops .
1	should have shown earlier b .
1	it 's not a matter or free food but principle .
1	they also do n't use seasoning .
0	this was not a good experience .
1	they sure know how to shit on their customers .
1	bad return policy !
1	such a shame that reputable company like this does that .
0	i have never been disappointed with the quality of my food .
1	i really do n't like this place .
1	the food is not good .
0	the coke tasted like they have moldy lines or something .
0	the service was terrible .
1	waitress : chicken caesar salad ?
1	no , and no .
1	needless to say , i have never returned to a zipps and never will .
1	i wish i could give it no stars .
1	the issue just begins here though .
1	watery bloody and slow service .
1	apparently the owners are too cheap to fix them .
1	sports bar quality is was it is but this location is the worst !
1	wo n't be back to any .
1	this is my honest opinion because these all were can i say , awful !
1	he is very rude .
0	her demeanor was awful and the whole transaction had me sick .
1	i should have taken a picture .
0	no stars granted .
1	do not go to this zipps on a saturday night .
1	if i could give this place _num_ stars i would .
1	really hoping my bank will refund me my money .
1	terrible service !
1	regret coming here everytime .
1	managers are n't any better .
1	ugh , annoying .
1	if i could give a half star i would .
0	the sandwich was n't the greatest either .
0	sent it back and she did n't even offer to bring another one .
1	i 'm sorry , i expect you to be nice to me .
1	stop giving me the cold shoulder .
0	our reservation apparently happened just moments after the asu football team showed up .
1	one of my kids fell asleep waiting for his mac and cheese .
1	and i could n't get a drink to save my life .
0	we were wrong .
1	do n't think i will be coming back for a bit .
1	the service is pedestrian , the place is stuffy and the food just meh .
1	american cuisine seems to be flavored primarily with salt , fat and sugar .
0	and the food was marginal at best .
1	this is not it any more .
1	i didnt think anything was great about the place .
1	nothing , including the cooking techniques , has been updated since then .
0	we asked numerous times for ketchup and she kept forgetting .
0	the biggest problem i had was that i ordered ribs .
0	they were so dry that i had to pour lots of sauce over them .
1	i ca n't say the ribs were anything spectacular .
1	she would n't even look us in the eye .
1	my dad is really hard of hearing and asked her to repeat herself .
1	not a family .
1	it was my last weekend visiting my folks .
0	it was awful .
0	there was no time to enjoy anything .
0	walked over there for dinner - it was , of course , ridiculously crowded .
0	too bad it was at the expense of the other customers .
1	too bad - was hoping for better .
1	awful awful awful !
1	the food was awful - i can make a better steak at home .
1	an hour wait at 8:30 on a monday night ?
1	the prime rib comes with horseradish - very weak and cut with butter .
0	the barbeque chicken was ok .
1	i do n't think i 'm coming back to this one .
0	i got confused .
1	calling my review a rant is not good customer service .
1	worst ribs ever !
1	only if you are comfortable with ghetto crap food .
1	ribs tough = these babies will never fall off the bone .
1	too bad the ribs are what you come for .
0	then she brought over a basket of toasted thin sliced bagels and rye bread .
0	so she brought a basket of french bread with cheese , on the house .
1	bland and boring .
0	the hamburger was as expected .
0	everything was very expensive .
0	the food was cold with no flavor .
1	for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
1	a++ for them .
0	the gold brick dessert was pretty good , but the chocolate was very frozen .
0	overall , the experience failed to meet expectations .
0	oh , i almost forgot , i had the clam chowder .
1	even worst was the texture - clams should be tender and not rubbery .
0	my wife ordered the fried ( formerly broasted ) chicken .
1	thanks but no thanks .
0	i was really disappointed by how tough the meat was .
1	not sure i 'll try it again .
1	no interest in going back .
1	horrid service with below average food .
1	huge disappointment !
1	had not been back for _num_ years and now i know why !
0	the prime rib was tasteless and the ribs were tough and dry .
1	what an overpriced disappointment .
1	i do n't understand how this kind of treatment is still acceptable .
1	but i have no idea how they can call these the best rib 's .
0	the rib 's i buy from the supermarket tasted better .
0	very disappointed and really hated to give these guys a bad review .
1	old place , old smells .
1	very annoying .
1	i do n't get it .
0	not surprisingly food was lukewarm but not poorly prepared .
0	but she just , uh ... it was really weird .
0	came here on a friday night and was pleased it was n't busy .
0	ordered the french dip , chicken fingers and potato skins .
1	do not give them your credit or debit card !
1	he is not returning any of my calls .
1	jerk : are you interested in starting to collect ?
1	incredibly rude and impatient .
1	and not picture worthy , you jerk .
0	this was _num_ minutes before they closed and never got a call back .
1	just nasty .
1	that is sloppy , sloppy , sloppy .
1	no thanks - i think i 'm officially done .
1	`` ... are you kidding me ?
1	and to act like it my fault for disturbing your glorious day at work ?
1	do n't forget ... i 'm shopping .
1	when asked to prove this she could n't .
0	what the hell it said open for _num_ more min .
1	it 's very sad and i have no idea how she stays in business .
1	this is not a place i would recommend .
1	zero stars .
1	three shrimp , and three scallops .
1	however , it has gotten worse and worse since then .
1	oh , and the food was disgusting on that night .
1	they obviously do n't operate well when they 're busy .
1	very dry , tough ... just gross .
1	i miss you , uncle sal 's , but not that much .
0	this was one of my worst experiences ever .
1	the food is average but service is horrible .
1	very disappointing .
1	looks totally outdated inside .
1	so not impressed .
1	you could probably get better frozen items at costco .
1	should have comped the entire meal .
1	service is awful !
1	frankly i am disappointed .
1	the service is a bit sad .
1	not somewhere i 'd go for a low stress , relaxing dinner .
1	could say more , but why bother !
1	they proceed to rush us thru our salads .
1	after every bite `` can i take that for you ?
1	but the whole staff should be fired .
1	lo and behold the menu says it 's an extra $ _num_ to share .
1	but this is where things go downhill .
1	i think the biggest disappointment was the service .
1	my friend asked for the ravioli instead ... should n't be that hard .
1	not into it .
1	that was the first and only thing i could taste .
1	i could n't even taste the lemon at all .
1	our server could n't tell me what was in the stuffed mushrooms .
0	hubby 's sausage and peppers were average .
1	not pretentious yet homey feel .
1	now that i live _num_ minutes away , not so often .
1	here 's why i 'm the most disappointed in this visit .
1	`` why so much need for car washing ? ''
1	just the car wash . ''
1	certainly not worth all the hassle .
1	the wash itself is n't that good .
1	i dont understand why there were so many other patrons here on that day .
1	what a waste of money .
1	i speak from experience , waste of money .
1	_num_ weeks still no word from them on repairs .
1	the wash is nothing special .
1	the service is the worst .
1	they are going to look for an excuse to keep your money .
1	horrible horrible horrible .
1	very disappointing .
1	fail .
0	he just started and me and said , sorry i ca n't honor it .
1	i had a terrible experience here and would never go back .
1	extremely rude workers .
0	then , i asked if one of the pieces i ordered were free .
1	so i asked why i would be getting the free chocolate .
1	am i not tall enough for you ?
1	the shame is on them .
0	the bartender was extremely rude and the security guy was even worse !
1	i 'm truly disgusted by her bad attitude .
1	first , it is very small .
1	it is old , think shack .
1	this is where it goes from bad to worse .
0	first thing he did n't find was an oil pan leak .
1	fourth , oil level is low !
1	garbage !
1	exhibit c : no more student services peeps .
1	ok , really ?
1	get a job washing dishes at a restaurant or bakery if you have to .
1	this place is a total scam !
1	no real education .
1	they just want your money and do n't give a crap about the students .
0	they tried real hard to get me to come back but i refused .
1	this place is just bad news .
0	i only had _num_ that were worth a damn !
0	crap over priced education .
1	my suggestion would be to not go here .
1	executive chefs would walk by not even saying good morning .
1	chef cones by and says `` what happened here ? ''
1	ok nothing new .
1	i am now also using tea tree oil to help .
0	turns out it was n't because it came to $ _num_ .
0	i said that the price list said $ _num_ .
1	empty .
1	seems so annoyed by me the whole time .
1	no cleaning what so ever !
1	so gross .
1	this is by far the worst manicure i have ever received .
1	if there was a no zero star this is what this place would get .
1	no tip !
1	this was one of the worst experiences in nail salons i have ever had .
0	when i said no , he rolled his eyes and shook his head .
1	meh , it 's too `` this is my new haircut '' scene .
1	worst place ever !
1	would not recommend this place to my worst enemy .
1	and $ _num_ later for two adults and two kids ?
1	no character .
1	avoid .
1	contact me to offer to refund the higher fee ?
0	did they lie and email me it had shipped ?
0	f bombs included .
0	typical overrated scottsdale eatery .
1	but that does n't explain the previous two visits .
0	we went here late _num_ and had a buy _num_ get _num_ free coupon .
1	they have it all wrong .
0	nasty overcooked sausage , stale bread , flat cheap cheeses -- just plain gross .
1	the prices here are way too high for what you get .
1	terrible .
0	it was stuck in the _num_ 's .
1	our drinks remained empty for most of the night including the water .
0	one glass of sangria each and the bill was $ _num_ .
1	this includes two entrees , a pitcher of sangria , and an appetizer .
0	so on to the last entree which was a dry aged steak and shrimp .
0	he did n't want rice so he got vegetables .
1	mushrooms on the chicken were out of a can .
1	not here .
0	i ordered it here about _num_ years ago , it was better that night .
0	the steak was `` fine , ' not good flavor but edible .
1	gross .
1	i wish i would have read the reviews first .
1	i do n't know if we 'll be back , which is very sad .
0	this place sucked !
1	she was not happy being there .
1	water waitress would n't leave us alone .
0	however , he failed to understand and was rude .
0	the food was not that great , and over priced !
0	the dancing was cool but very loud .
1	he did n't mention that they bring out complementary bread .
1	please avoid this place if you value your health .
1	get over yourself .
1	we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely livid with this restaurant .
1	no serious complaints about the food , but the service is just atrocious .
1	ambiance is not bad .
0	i was n't satisfied and yet the bill for lunch was $ _num_ !
1	the food is not great , but neither is it truly terrible .
1	but if you 're looking for great sushi , go elsewhere .
1	they were almost over the top and trying to hard .
1	however , the prices are very reasonable for lunch .
1	one star because i ca n't give zero .
1	what a mistake .
1	find your sushi elsewhere in scottsdale !
1	geez i need to find a source for those uni blocks ... .
1	the sushi itself is nothing special .
1	sushi is bland and not anything to write home about .
0	empty glasses and no follow up on wtf happened to our order .
1	really - rolling sushi would take that long ?
1	this place sucks .
1	the service is horrible .
0	they gave me happy hour prices for drinks but not for my food .
1	i will not be back to this location .
1	overall , pretty forgettable .
1	the vegetarian selections here are slim .
1	`` yeah , but it 's only like _num_ % eel .
1	uninspired rolls , at times with stale fish , mediocre service , tired decor .
1	service is ok , not stellar .
1	i am a restaurant manager and have _num_ years of service industry experience .
0	ra in scottsdale has gone down hill slowly ever since the owners sold out .
0	the shrimp tempura roll fell completely apart when i picked it up .
1	the bad : the food is n't impressive , especially for the cost .
1	the ugly : ugh , their service !
1	actually , just keep walking .
1	i do n't know what was going at the bar .
0	service was slow and in attentive .
0	the flavors were bland , even the on with jalapenos in it .
1	that is completely unacceptable and unprofessional .
1	the atmosphere is n't too stuffy and usually entertaining .
0	service was horrible !
1	no , thank you , but no .
1	i drank it so it would go away .
1	the chop sticks could hardly even hold the weight and size of the thing .
1	so i pick it up ... it falls apart .
0	overpriced and not even very good .
0	the hostess was no where to be found .
1	_num_ minutes later i got my to go food .
1	i am not sure if i will return or not .
1	the server was overly attentive to the point of annoying .
0	it made it difficult to maintain the flow of our conversation .
0	i felt rushed through my meal and dining experience .
1	unfortunately we wo n't be returning .
1	it then takes _num_ minutes to flag someone down and that 's super annoying .
1	the sushi was luke warm and old tasting like it 's been sitting out .
1	but their service is horrible .
1	another mid age white guy later on sat _num_ seats away from me .
1	but it 's not .
1	dude , you 're not busy ... there is no excuse .
1	sick service , if you want to waste your time come here .
1	first thing first , i 'm from chicago ; i love ra .
1	but i 've been on vacation here in arizona since june .
1	i do n't understand because my server this time was terrible .
1	i wish you guys would hire her again .
1	so that makes it comes down to the customer service .
1	bad decision .
0	watered down .
1	not what you want to see !
1	i could n't even eat it , so gave to my bf .
1	the sushi is just barely above average .
0	the vegetables tasted like ... vegetables ... minus flavor .
1	one star for the most terrible service in recent memory .
0	my mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
0	i apologized and told her that i was unable to eat it .
0	the food was so atrocious that we literally left without eating !
1	anyway , i have been twice for a dinner and it has been sub-par .
1	anyway no go for animal lovers !
0	the chef came quickly and our food was all prepared in _num_ mins .
1	place is dingy , especially for it being in scottsdale .
1	throwing caution to the wind , we decided to try this place .
1	you have to understand , this is a hole in the wall joint .
1	ok , so this hostess brings silverware , chips and menus at different times .
1	the service is what really ruined it for us .
1	so , they alone deserve a star .
1	nothing really all that special to yelp about .
1	if anything , it 's gotten worse .
0	i had the carnitas taco special which was two tacos with rice and beans .
0	it went downhill from there .
1	the mole may have been worse .
1	no bueno .
1	have to pay for chips .
1	you 're better off at taco bell .
1	lazy staff !
1	moving past the shape , they were dry and truly tasteless .
0	it was completely wrong .
1	at least you know going into it that the food will be mediocre .
0	went with another couple to get caught up over christmas time .
0	the tortillas were stale , cold , and awful .
1	thank goodness there 's a mcdonalds on the way home .
0	well , unfortunately what he wrote was n't what i ordered .
1	not the best attitude for the hospitality industry .
1	still , not up to the ratings or expectations .
1	much like the restaurants down in tucson .
0	beans and rice were not good at all .
1	not worth your time .
0	food was very good but service was slow .
1	one plus is they have pitchers of beer and margaritas .
1	this place does n't even deserve _num_ star , service is horrible .
1	a very poor excuse for mexican food .
1	really disappointing .
1	it 's not my fave , but it 's not awful .
1	green is almost flavorless in comparison .
1	i should also give props to the server as he was prompt and attentive !
1	obviously nobody is there to take care of this place .
0	food was alright , but definately not the best .
1	very , very bland .
0	chicken tacos had bland chicken and came on crunchy shells , which was unexpected .
1	_num_ of us ate lunch there yesterday .
0	_num_ had burritos .
0	_num_ did n't .
1	my two sons and daughter in law are all still sick .
1	what server does n't check in on drinks , especially when the food arrives ?
1	with a lot of options , this place is a no go .
1	that just seems plain lazy to me .
1	i was really hoping that it would be better .
1	i should mail this place my hospital bill .
1	the only nice thing is the patio .
1	probably the worst mexican food i have ever had .
1	i ate one bite and could not eat any more .
1	the employees do not seem to know anything about the food they are serving .
1	tasteless , greasy .
0	the only condiment on the table was salt & pepper .
0	to top off the nite , hubby needed to use the restroom .
1	this place gets _num_ stars from most .
0	nothing special except the patio atmosphere was nice .
0	guac had no flavor .
0	by the time the tortillas arrived , my food was cold .
1	right around _num_ hours .
1	dead , but still ants .
1	how he missed it , i 'll never know .
1	not an apology .
1	soggy and bland tacos .
1	i 'm not picky , but thats just a tad bit unprofessional .
0	i had the shredded beef burrito and a cheese crisp .
1	i ca n't imagine the need to return here .
1	i do n't see how this place was so busy .
1	we ordered chile rellenos , mini tacos , and carnitas enchiladas with green sauce .
1	expensive and not that great .
1	service is poor .
1	it just does n't seem like they care .
1	the service is lacking too .
0	chips tasted stale and like old oil , salsa was ok .
0	chips tasted stale and like old oil , salsa was ok .
1	terrible service .
0	i 'm pretty sure it was just sauted vegetables in a bland flour tortilla .
1	terrible food , terrible service and a depressing place to be .
1	service was average but could not make up for the poor food and drink .
0	while the food was decent , the service was absolutely awful .
1	you could see why sitting there .
1	it 's a shame .
1	i see a kitchen nightmares in it 's future .
0	food was very bland , bland , bland .
1	mexican food should not be bland .
1	gross !
1	plus my husband got sick a few days after eating .
1	just gross all together .
1	i 'd avoid this place at all costs !
0	the guacamole tasted like the powdered instant kind .
1	it certainly is n't worth eating here considering the quality of food and cost .
0	frank just shrugged and walked off .
1	what a disappointment !
0	my hubby and i checked it out the other day while in the area .
0	beans were bland and tortilla was somewhat stale .
1	too bad the food is less than average .
0	my dish was equally bland .
1	this is a sad review for me .
1	my grandparents have been regulars for years and know most of the people there .
1	no , just some odds and ends they have leftover it seemed like .
1	a group of gals hit this place for a late lunch on a friday .
0	it was very disappointing .
1	i do n't know .
1	this has nothing to do with the pasta , which was mediocre at best .
0	my first course was a caesar salad .
1	wait take that back .
0	this left me sad .
0	we got our appetizer of calamari and it was disgusting .
0	it smelled and tasted like yesterday 's oil .
1	overall , avoid at all cost .
1	where to start , let 's just saw awful !
1	probably wo n't go back .
0	another 3rd waiter came back with our drinks about _num_ minutes later .
1	he refused to answer only stating that he would get the waiter .
0	i quickly got up and located my waiter notified him of what had happened .
1	they lost us as customers & we live in the neighborhood !
1	so disappointing .
1	overall not good at all .
0	what came first , no business or crap ingredients and no chef ?
0	the atmosphere and service were fine but the food was disappointing .
1	save your money , there are several better choices within walking distance .
1	the pasta does n't even taste pasta .
0	the caesar salad was n't that bad , but neither special .
1	i am sorry but i wo n't come back .
1	ugh .
1	my chicken was swimming in butter , i could n't even eat it .
0	the decor was nice , pretty typical for a small italian restaurant .
0	a party of eight came in after us and left _num_ minutes before us .
1	ruins the meal .
1	avoid at all costs should really be _num_ stars .
1	not cool !
1	not very happy about this at all .
1	uh , i know i 'm heavy .
1	and not in a good way .
0	parking was not to great.
1	they will sooooo not get my money again !
1	nope , no flavor .
0	garlic pizza was okay .
0	i ordered a side of red sauce to dip my pesto pizza in .
0	so we spent _num_ dollars on a ruined dinner .
1	no flavor .
1	too flat .
1	although the former is tasty , the latter is a waste of tomatoes .
1	so save your money and go to oregano 's where they are not pretentious .
0	the pizza was bland , as was the staff .
1	so disappointed .
1	the salads are ok , nothing special .
0	flavorless and overpriced .
1	i would n't go again .
1	oh , i should not have asked .
1	this may be one of the worst restaurant experiences i have ever been to .
1	very disappointed !
0	the only plus was the attentive and helpful wait staff .
1	i wish they would not charge for extra sauce .
1	other than this , the pizza is like the original .
1	after our visit yesterday i am still disappointed !
0	other than the manager , most else was a zero .
0	the new pie was better but somewhat watery .
1	which tells you i 'm tired of it .
1	you can do so much better for less than what they charge .
0	_num_ orders of veal , overcooked .
1	we ate here while on a weekend get away .
1	wrong .
1	worst host service i 've ever experienced .
1	asked several times but i do n't think he could add or tell time .
1	can i give negative stars ?
1	no lie _num_ dollars for _num_ ravioli .
1	leave ?
1	terrible customer service .
1	unbelievable .
1	do not go to this restaurant .
1	this place is horrible .
1	i wish i could tell you the chicken is rubber .
1	then my review has served its purpose .
1	and do not go here if you want friendly service .
1	the service either ends up great , or crap .
1	wow i really wish i could give this place _num_ stars .
0	although the food was pretty good the service was terrible .
0	decided on grotto because of the reviews but could n't be disappointed more .
1	if i could , i would give this place zero stars !
0	the waiter was completely irritated by every question we asked .
1	with no explanation or apology .
1	worst dining experience ever .
1	one of the worst experiences i 've ever had in scottsdale .
0	he also suggested i write a terrible review so i thought i should .
1	huge mistake !
1	i would n't give this place another hard earned dime !
1	honestly , we would have been better off waiting an hour for that place .
1	that is $ _num_ i 'll never spend on a meal there again .
0	our waiter was rude , lazy and condescending and the owner was even worse .
1	i am so disappointed .
1	terrible cafeteria salad .
1	the place screams `` i ca n't be bothered '' with customers .
1	not only are we disgusted at the nasty bug !
1	they still write out your bill by hand .
1	the servers are very unfriendly .
1	our fault for not looking at the menu .
1	but what a rip off .
0	last night _num_ of my girlfriends and i had dinner here .
0	three entrees and i sampled all of them .
0	when our food came out , everything looked fine except for the ravioli .
1	_num_ small pieces of ravioli for $ _num_ .
1	i guess i will stick with grimaldi 's that 's right down the road .
1	i 've had better food at olive garden , and that 's sad .
1	he was very rude and i would never go back .
1	we spent _num_ dollars and this is how he treats his customers .
1	i have never felt more offended in my life .
1	insulting , dishonest and bottom line an absolute joke !
0	what we got was way worse .
1	unbelievable dont go here !
1	the food is terrible and the service is even worse .
1	he treats his staff just as poorly .
1	do not go to this restaurant .
1	owner is rude , and loud .
1	i could not wait to get out of there .
1	the waiters that said that he could not do that .
1	stupid !
1	horribly rude and unprofessional .
1	_num_ $ _num_ pastas cost us $ _num_ .
1	fail .
0	the service was decent but unfortunately the food was served cold and undercooked .
0	i struggled to find anything i liked about our dining experience here .
1	i then approached him after to address is lack of professionalism .
0	he refused to further address the situation .
1	i do not suggest going to this place .
1	portions are really small for a $ _num_ plate .
1	overall , would not recommend anyone coming here .
0	food was terrible and the staff was very rude .
1	please do not waste your time or money .
0	fried artichokes were alright but pricy for what it is .
0	the food was ok to bad , and the staff was very rude .
1	honestly , people should be warned about this place !
0	we asked how long the wait was and he estimated maybe _num_ minutes .
0	we sat down and our table was n't even clean .
0	there was salt all over it and crumbs .
1	disappointment .
1	this is possibly the worst restaurant i have ever been in .
0	we had _num_ people and _num_ of them ordered the chicken ceasar salads .
0	there was no acknowledgement during our visit .
1	you should still be seated with a reservation before walk ins .
1	so gross .
1	without saying a word we all walked out .
1	the short , greasy guy with long hair does not speak english !
0	the bread was store bought cold and tasted _num_ days old .
1	not a place i will go back !
1	terrible experience !
1	extremely bad karma for charming old town scottsdale !
1	$ _num_ , folks .
1	( this includes $ _num_ for two vodka martinis , btw . )
1	all these people ca n't be that wrong !
1	terrible !
0	rude and unprofessional , food actually was very good but the server was not .
1	how this place remains open is beyond me .
0	he then offered me fettuccine & an order of spaghetti & meatballs .
1	avoid at all costs , .
1	one star is too much can you post negative stars ?
1	horrible !
1	he answered , `` you wo n't get in anywhere , i recommend nothing .
1	italian grotto sucks !
0	( which was dreadful ) .
1	he is as rude and arrogant as others have mentioned .
0	the soup and garlic toast were tasteless .
1	worst italian place ever .
1	the food is extremely sub par .
1	terrible experience .
1	do n't recommend .
1	will never go back to this tourist trap and never recommend it to anyone .
0	this place sucked !
1	this place is the worst !
1	i am vegetarian so i ordered the spaghetti marinara .
0	my salad was equally terrible .
1	probably the worst service and food i 've ever had !
0	the worse service we ever had .
1	whoever reads the reviews on this restaurant do not go there .
0	she looked like she just rolled out of bed .
1	i ca n't believe they are still in business .
1	i wo n't even give them _num_ star .
1	do not go to this place !
0	so we were walking north and walked by italian grotto .
0	the pasta noodles were fine however , the quality did not match the price .
1	this place is horrible !
1	we ended up paying $ _num_ for _num_ entrees .
1	service stinks .
0	then they threw away about _num_ of the new ones we took in !
1	shame .
1	do n't get me wrong , i love guess clothes .
1	so rude and condescending .
1	and their slow songs were boring me .
1	bathrooms are a mess .
0	the nachos were not really nachos .
1	it was stiff , so that is good .
0	as soon as we sat down , a woman started singing .
1	that 's not why i 'm giving this _num_ starts .
0	there was some heavy duty karaoke action going on in the bar .
1	if you are looking for below average cuisine , this is your place .
0	this was realized after the meal was over , making my stomach turn .
0	another _num_ minutes had gone by and we had not seen our waitress .
1	this place is horrible !
1	wrong !
1	this place sucks a $ $ !
0	when we did get the food the serving sizes could not have been bigger !
1	save yourself an unpleasant eating and drinking experience and avoid this place .
1	more of a type of place you would find in the southwest valley .
1	i now see that this slow service runs through all the yelp reviews .
1	now the food : not horrible , but below average .
0	it was n't terrible , but definitely not fresh or spectacular in any way .
1	as it stands , it 's only ok at best .
1	also , watch your drinks .
0	grilled cheese that wasnt melted .
1	however that is where all the good ends .
0	the server was surly , no smile , no thank you .
1	horrible place to karaoke and food.
1	it 's so weird .
1	karaoke is completely biased to regulars .
1	okay , that is one star too many .
1	ridiculous !
1	how depressing , poor representation of the state .
0	restaurant was nearly empty .
1	proceed with caution .
0	she clearly showed no concern .
1	not great especially for homemade , but not bad .
0	too bad it was a bad experience .
1	i ordered potato skins sans bacon and fried shrimp .
1	um ... its _num_ outside .
0	food was horrible and outdated .
1	our server tiffany was super nice but this place sucks .
0	we were more disappointed that they only had _num_ exhibits open .
1	i have never been so dissapointed with the service at a restaurant before .
0	i have never been rushed out of a restaurant so quickly .
1	overall , i ca n't see any reason why i 'd eat here again .
1	then , the servers kept trying to rush us .
0	when our friend got there , the server kept trying to take our order .
0	it was an unpleasant dinner .
1	if you want to enjoy a reasonable dinner , i 'd find someplace else .
1	i wo n't be back .
1	what a shame !
1	my recommendation is to skip this place unless its a last resort .
1	no apology , nothing .
1	not accommodating and would n't seat more than _num_ .
1	no apology .
0	unfortunately , this was quite disappointing .
0	so my friend went to talk to the manager , nick .
1	extremely upsetting dinner .
1	it only gets worse .
1	no apology about the rush or no more beer just a snotty attitude .
0	you lost customers .
0	you lost profit .
1	i 'm `` _num_ % sure '' she wont be getting a tip ... .
1	( _num_ minutes later i catch her walking by . )
1	bandera , you 've lost one of your biggest fans .
1	really disappointed for the price .
1	i really miss the grilled lamb sirloin .
1	what another disappointment .
0	i asked for a manager , and she too refused to sell them .
1	fries wo n't get a review but the poor service will .
1	would not recommend this place to anyone .
1	so whose fault is it again ?
0	a teacher walked by and she told her what was happening .
1	sometimes places need to die ( just like we all do someday ) .
1	i could n't drink it .
1	i wo n't go back .
0	place was dead .
1	the other time a rather lame duo band sang over tracks .
1	a bottle of fat tire really should n't be asking for too much .
1	def wo n't be back for $ _num_ i have found much better places .
1	she suggested that i can pay month by month hot this year .
1	her attitude just just just made me disgusting .
1	i do not recommend people go to that state farm .
1	it 's the worst state farm i have been to .
1	is it better than being late ?
1	i 'm not so sure it is .
1	my bad , not theirs .
1	and , second , this place sucks .
1	eh ?
1	i 'm not going back .
1	why ca n't starbucks do that ?
1	just my _num_ cents .
1	there seems to be constant turnover in staff .
1	by the way , the price of this shoddy work ?
1	ugh , this place is terrible !
1	its salty and very flavorful , but somehow it just tastes off .
1	it does n't and your marketing sucks .
1	and it is for sure an `` american '' chinese hang out .
0	dan dan noodles had no taste .
1	forget them twice , shame on me .
1	wish the employees were more cautious where they stuff their face .
0	i thought this was awful and the cashier was a unfriendly .
1	i 'm sitting here now waiting patiently for my order .
1	i feel sorry for the young employee working the register .
1	i wish they had better management , because the food itself is decent .
1	thumbs down .
1	i do n't have time to wait .
1	condescending arrogant staff , know your job .
1	first timer over at the pei wei .
1	ugh , this place is just terrible .
1	not a good sign .
1	i regret that decision .
1	very disappointing .
1	and the sonoran potatoes ... omg , delish .
1	terrible service .
1	as to the food , it is hit and miss .
0	waters were already served when we sat down .
0	we ordered flat iron steak medium rare with over easy eggs .
1	another mediocre eating experience .
1	+ _num_ star - server .
1	- _num_ star - decor .
1	ick .
1	i would not eat here again .
1	i can not recommend this restaurant .
0	maybe winter just was n't my season .
1	ridiculous !
1	just so-so and very salty .
1	not child friendly !
0	we went to dinner tonight as a request from my _num_ year old .
0	the food was mediocre at best .
1	there are better places here in arizona that actually care .
1	the place is busy on wednesdays and fridays .
0	i had such a terrible night after that happened .
1	i only had my credit cards ( who does not take credit anymore ) .
1	fake biker bar .
1	it was the most disgusting piece of carrot cake i have ever ate .
1	a shame , if they fix it i 'll improve my rating .
1	where 's the keg i 'm used to ?
0	the shrimp was n't that good , either .
0	unfortunately , i was sorely disappointed .
1	it 's like the restaurant does n't know what it wants to be .
1	bad choice .
1	i hate to say this , but save yourself the trouble .
1	they only have _num_ taps and _num_ of those are bud .
1	the starting prices of steaks here are $ _num_ just for the meat .
1	bad experience .
1	when the prime rib arrived i could not believe my eyes .
0	the flavorless meat was so tough that it hurt my teeth .
1	unbelievable .
1	not looking so good here , we should have left .
1	the garlic toast is greasy and kid food .
1	nothing at all .
1	i have been to this restaurant dozens of times throughout the years .
0	all steaks were over cooked with one side somehow missing the grill completely .
0	i actually felt bad for the waitresses .
1	it appears they are required to wear extremely short & tight fitting clothes .
1	low and behold , our food arrives and neither steak is correct .
1	so now my husband is eating and i 'm not .
0	i acknowledged this and he went back to take care of the bill .
0	... then they charged another tables bill and our bill to our card .
0	seared ahi appetizer was ok ... i have had far better .
1	way too much avocado on the plate with a somewhat stingy helping of ahi .
1	disappointing .
0	i could n't even tell if the meat had been marinated in sauce .
0	waited another _num_ for the glass of wine .
1	really is that who you want to run your restaurant ?
1	yucky !
1	would be _num_ stars if not for the gross pest problem .
1	i do n't understand why businesses treat their customers that way for delivery .
1	do n't bother coming here .
0	an incorrect meal was delivered stone cold and incorrect .
1	but , let me start with some positives .
1	so if everything is pretty adequate , what drove down the rating ?
1	not even worth a free stay next time .
1	but the cleanliness is seriously , seriously lacking .
1	nasty motel .
1	if you value your sleep find another hotel .
1	do not drop your clothes off here , donate them to charity .
1	the ladies that work there were old and not very friendly .
0	an employee even insulted me to my face as i walked out the door .
0	i did n't end up with much .
0	some of these were designer pieces .
0	she told me i am not allowed back to her store .
1	why , oh why are they so condescending ?
0	first visit - dressed down .
0	this time was even worse .
0	i was offered no greeting at all .
1	what am i , chopped liver ?
1	i just ca n't take being treated so poorly .
1	they charge you to take out cash , and give you less cash !
1	this is something that everyone who loves designer bags needs to know .
1	zero stars !
0	this place would have received more stars had i not had unpleasant experiences .
1	dishonest tactics have led me to sell higher quality items elsewhere .
1	terrible !
0	my goodness , was she an unpleasant woman !
1	maybe i am a snob , but this place was just like a goodwill .
1	it smells awful , old and stale in the here .
1	disappointing customer service .
1	this is the only bad experience i have had here out of several visits .
1	not good customer service .
1	i would not recommend this dr. or this facility !
1	i am only _num_ years old !
1	i am glad i di not get any appointment with this group .
1	and i just can not believe it it is outrageous .
1	the receptionist could n't give me a reason for the delay ?
1	very rude over the phone when i tried scheduling an appointment .
1	annoying .
1	if possible , i would n't choose this medical image facility .
1	this is not during holidays , it is an everyday thing .
0	there were n't any tables available .
1	if you are looking at high schools in northern scottsdale avoid this one .
1	this school is terrible .
1	they have a pretty bad sports program and they have a terrible student section .
1	they have a terrible educational program .
1	the wine selection is average and over-priced .
1	the are hundreds of better wine stores nearby .
1	probably the worst customer service that i have ever experienced .
0	owner was incredibly rude and unhelpful .
1	`` no , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
1	totally boring .
1	i do not think we will be visiting this restaurant again anytime soon .
1	convenient but wo n't go back .
1	if i go to any cpk again i wo n't order that .
0	i stared at him and shook my head and he ignored me .
1	the food is mediocre and you should not order any drinks from here .
0	the pizza was n't on a thin crust .
1	all in all , disappointing .
0	unfriendly the entire time so asked to speak to the manager .
1	what a waste .
1	bad food bad service .
1	would i visit there again ?
1	not a very sanitary vision .
0	it was n't even cooked and all the veggies were in a separate container .
1	wo n't be back .
1	i would avoid it unless this is the atmosphere you prefer .
1	this place is ridiculous .
1	elements just does n't match up .
1	the wait staff is cold and at times near rude .
1	in fact , i consistently get better food and service at red robin .
1	but other than that , so off the mark .
1	for instance , my salad was swimming in vinaigrette .
1	so sour !
0	the food was ok , nothing special .
0	the waiter never came back , never offered coffee , dessert or anything .
1	we left and will not be back .
0	the food was unfortunately a huge disappointment .
1	trader joe 's frozen teriyaki chicken breasts are far superior .
1	another disappointment .
1	the setting , looking down over the valley from camelback mountain , beautiful .
0	the food was lousy .
1	it may be because we ate late for phoenix ( arrived at 9:00 ) .
0	the tuna tartare at $ _num_ was okay but not very flavorful .
0	i had ordered the scallops entree which at $ _num_ was quite disappointing .
1	next time i wo n't be so shy about returning bad food .
1	i rarely write a review , but i feel in this case i must .
1	this is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation !
1	extremely disappointing .
1	this is unacceptable considering we did have a reservation !
1	_num_ - _num_ minutes i can understand , _num_ minutes , not really .
1	extremely disappointing .
1	i rarely write a review , but i feel in this case i must .
1	_num_ - _num_ minutes i can understand , _num_ minutes , not really .
1	i can only comment on the brunch they presented on sunday .
0	staff was not friendly .
1	we are all so disappointed and expected so much more from elements .
0	the majority of us ordered the short ribs and not one person was impressed .
0	the dinner turned out to be horrible !
0	three of us ordered sea bass ( approx .
0	the sea bass was dry and felt and tasted like straw .
1	it has gone downhill !
1	is there a new chef , an incompetent manager ?
0	last night it failed on all counts .
1	the wine list is only fair .
0	pork chop was dry , margarita was not made properly .
0	mine was ordered medium rare and there was no pink and no juice whatsoever .
1	inattentive .
0	then , we were served a salad that soggy .
1	unlike any i 've ever had , not in a good way .
0	so heavy on quinoa content , it overwhelmed everything else .
1	the experience would have been three star , except for the bathroom .
0	we were looking forward to it but , unfortunately , were very disappointed .
0	i brought the problem to the attention of the manager .
0	waited for condiment until food got cold .
1	beautiful restaurant , but do n't go on a holiday !
1	we order a _num_ korean chicken quesadilla and a _num_ kale caesar salad .
1	for _num_ drinks and two snacks our bill comes to _num_ .
0	i got _num_ dollars back .
1	looking through the reviews , i realize i am not alone .
1	disgusting !
1	dirty , crappy old bathrooms .
1	what a waste of a cool building .
1	tastes like frozen dinners , like bottom of the line in quality .
1	i mean really sucked .
1	the bowl of queso - not worth it one bit .
1	do n't bother .
1	nypd is some of the worst pizza i 've ever had in my lifetime .
1	there 's nothing really ny about this place .
0	on one trip i ordered a pizza around noon for pickup at _num_ .
0	when i got it back to our hotel i could see something was wrong .
0	it was probably dangerous .
0	the sauce tasted bland and the crust was not crispy at all .
0	also , it seemed like the vegetables were overcooked .
1	i do n't know what it is .
1	truly they 're better places than this in az .
0	they gave me a cup for a complimentary small soda while i waited .
1	unless you 're a fan of poorly executed `` italian food , '' beware !
1	wow what a total disappointment here !
1	unfortunately , my experience with the staff leaves much to be desired .
0	our waitress that time had complete disregard for it .
0	she did n't even write it down just to be safe .
1	zero stars for service .
0	half of my kids meals were never even given to us .
1	i literally have never had worse service .
1	after finishing the meal , the server returned to drop the bill .
1	apparently they do n't split checks .
1	i 'm sorry my friend , you should have told us .
0	the only thing nice about this dish was the broth which was wonderful .
1	i am sorry , i am unsure what everyone was taking about .
0	it was very dry .
1	are you kidding me ?
1	gas pumps are very nearly useless .
1	every time i have gone in , i see customers frustrated with the pumps .
1	they employees seem to understand how .
1	no , i wo n't drive across town and use more gas .
1	they have _num_ star .
1	in any case , i would not recommend this place .
1	customer service is not a focus of this office .
1	i will not be going here again and would not recommend them to anyone .
1	after waiting for _num_ minutes i had to cancel and leave .
1	i 'll update after my appointment but this is definitely not a good start .
0	the only time i ever went was to eat at the italian restaurant .
0	she had everything needed & just had me fill out the paperwork .
1	he should look & see that my teeth are being destroyed without surgery !
1	are you kidding me ?
1	i would n't refer my worst enemy to him .
1	oh , and also slices of plain white bread .
1	ugh .
1	so not impressed .
1	i should have taken a picture .
0	in this case , sadly , i did n't .
1	avoid at all costs !
1	residents need to hire their own attorney to represent them in key problems .
0	i told them which insurance i use and i was quoted a price .
1	so i left .
1	of course they have n't gotten back back to me .
1	me : `` hello , i 'd like to schedule an appointment with dr .
1	me : `` no , i have n't . ''
0	new ownership right after i signed 2nd year lease in july .
1	said he 'd be back in _num_ minutes .
1	now , our washing machine is broken .
1	wrong !
1	so it is n't overflowing now .
1	a week and still no washer ?
0	room was cozy , and the beds were comfortable .
0	not the greatest cocktails but they were tasty .
1	wrong !
0	however , this was the worst massage i 've ever had .
0	first off , the masseuse reeked of garlic ; the smell was overwhelming .
1	what an awful experience we have just had .
0	the double sized beds were not acceptable .
1	this facility is _num_ star for sure .
1	lots of empty stations .
0	hotel room was ok .
0	double sink was nice .
0	carpet was surprisingly dirty .
0	the restaurant prices were high ( standard for a resort ) .
1	this is not to say there are not positives .
1	the bathrooms have seen some updating but not to the standards seen at sanctuary .
1	i check the ac and turn it down and nothing happens .
1	room _num_ : i am relocated tom room _num_ .
1	i check through the room and find no issues .
0	i did not taste anything that i did not like .
0	just able to post that they reached `` out '' to me .
1	i am truly embarrassed and disappointed .
1	room service is awful .
1	overall , i would n't recommend this hotel .
1	do n't know if ill would stay there again ... ... .
1	to make matters worse , i saw him talking to other guests about us .
1	elements ' chilean seabass is to die for .
1	it is not worth to splurge over $ _num_ per night to stay here .
1	management really needs to work on communication amongst its workers .
0	yes i have ac at home but this was ridiculously loud !
1	_num_ different occasions of complete rudeness .
1	going to sue them this week if i do n't hear from them .
1	horrible customer service .
1	they suggested i leave the car but could n't guarantee anything would be done .
1	my loyalty to them meant nothing .
1	i 'm not kidding .
1	no flat screen and nothing over _num_ '' .
1	this is not a resort or modern in the way you are thinking .
1	no resort should have that kind of a/c .
1	if you pay more then $ _num_ you will be disappointed .
1	no service and no people .
1	ill review it next .
1	if you are looking for a staycation , this is not the place .
1	$ _num_ a day resort fee does not include wifi .
0	while the staff was mostly great , the room was not .
0	and they could n't move us from it because supposedly they were booked .
1	even leaving the window open for six hours did n't help .
1	would i stay here again , only if someone else was paying for it .
1	check-in was a tad cold , not very welcoming .
1	i would say this is a 2-3 star place , and not any more .
0	i was also disappointed that they did n't provide a microwave and fridge .
0	he looked at me , like , yes ?
1	no tip for you .
1	i hate these kind of places .
1	terrible hotel .
0	the hotel was n't interested .
1	after they take your money , they wo n't even return a call .
1	beyond disgusting !
1	this place has ruined my whole weekend !
1	worst stay ever !
1	worse experience !
1	the staff seems to be just as much as a pest !
0	i hand him a $ _num_ tip and thank him .
0	priceline gave this a _num_ star rating .
1	fail .
1	the walls are paper thin .
1	frankly , turning on my phone 's hot spot is faster and cheaper .
1	there are _num_ star hotels very nearby for the same price .
1	denny 's served far better breakfast , i 'm sorry .
1	do n't let the attempt at chatting with me in this post fool you .
1	if i could give this hotel zero stars i would !
1	dark , tired rooms .
0	reserved a room here for the navy ball .
0	she just shrugged and gave me my receipt .
1	i would never ever ever book another stay here even if it was free .
0	( which it was n't , even after everything that happened ! )
1	one of the worst hotel experiences of my life .
0	this hotel was represented on hotwire as a luxury _num_ star resort .
1	yet all the negative reviews you read on yelp directly applied to our room .
1	i 'm also done with hotwire and their misleading bait and switch tactics .
1	i hate this place and i will never stay here again .
1	even though they charge a $ _num_ resort fee .
1	my curtains are hanging off the windows and stained .
1	parking sucks too !
1	not worth the cost .
1	the toiletries they supply are of poor quality .
1	they have a shuttle to the airport , but it is not free .
1	and really is only $ _num_ cheaper than a taxi .
1	do not rent a meeting room from this hotel !
1	at check-in , i mentioned i have a _num_ lbs dog .
0	service was generic , uncomfortable , lack luster for a resort at this level .
1	i should have read yelp before booking this place .
1	they encourage you to leave it in front outside where everyone comes and goes .
1	and it 's not even a large bottle .
1	so i do not recommend !
1	what 's worse is that i had been going to this resort for years .
1	i 've stayed here at least _num_ times with no problems .
1	the biggest lacking feature is the most important - the rooms .
1	priceline does n't care about our concerns and neither does the hotel .
0	i 'm really angry that we were taken advantage of .
1	big but not functional .
0	the worst thing was we found blood stains on the sheet .
1	the hotel is not four stars as stated .
0	not impressed with this hotel .
0	i stayed at this property for _num_ days .
1	the most terrible experience .
1	i would not recommend staying here at all !
0	the only digital channels that worked were two kids channels and several sports channels .
0	most of the channels said no signal .
1	horrible for the price , a huge disappointment .
0	i called hotel tonight when i saw our card had was charged .
1	it is obvious the owners do n't care about their customers .
1	it smells like old people .
0	i made the poor choice to select the unimpressive and soggy chicken alfredo pasta .
0	the rice was overcooked and hard .
1	there are too many other choices around there .
1	i was like , you have black chain ?
1	rude customer service .
1	lazy mechanics !
1	six of us went to dinner on saturday evening to celebrate a birthday .
0	unfortunately , they were inedible .
1	six of us went to dinner on saturday evening to celebrate a birthday .
0	this whole horrible evening had started at 6:30 pm .
1	the waitress came running over with our bill .
0	nothing was particularly bad , just nothing to get excited about .
0	at a total of $ _num_ ( no alcohol ) we expected more .
1	no let me guess what you have !
0	our salads arrived promptly at _num_ ( _num_ hour after being seated ) .
1	we ate our food and drank our one drink , and waited .
1	went using a groupon .
0	salad was the beet salad - not bad but heavy handed with the dressing .
1	potatoes swimming in oil and no flavor .
0	the only positive about this place was the server .
0	the roasted vegetables were decent but the garlic mashed potatoes were nothing special .
1	just fyi , it 's mostly an older crowd .
0	i ordered many sides and all the vegetables were bland .
1	but for the prices i would definitely go someplace else .
0	it was terrible .
0	they changed the menu to the worst .
1	do not buy deals for this place at all .
1	i will not be going back due to the tacky service .
1	we 'll not be back .
1	like an item , they charge you anyway .
1	probably the worst dining experience of my life .
0	fixed price _num_ course menu .
0	sent back and received a rare steak that was too tough to chew .
0	desert followed but nothing special .
0	this experience ruined what should have been wonderful weekend getaway .
1	we get there for 5:30 reservation and the place is empty .
1	she ca n't forget that moment .
1	the worst place .
1	do not waste your money .
1	to start , i would give zero stars if an option .
0	worst service ever experienced .
1	terrible , bland food .
1	shrimp appetizer , bland , no flavor .
0	she was not attentive at all .
0	the burger was simply not good and the server was worse .
1	disappointing .
1	how bad can that be ?
0	but no one ever removed the dirty dishes from or appetizers .
0	overall we did not feel we received our value today .
1	it is down the road from our house .
1	i probably will not go back , just not my thing .
0	it was nothing special and very oily .
1	yes , $ _num_ for a bad meal .
0	food was average at best but the worst part was the poor customer service .
1	in addition , they do not offer a military discount .
0	unfortunately , i never got the call .
0	unfortunately our service was not .
0	the food on the other hand was bland .
0	food was wonderful , the problem was the service .
0	at 12:30 on a monday , it was virtually empty .
1	i was really disappointed especially after reading other reviews .
1	i would have no reason to go back .
1	you are obviously treated poorly when you buy a coupon that they offer .
1	terrible service !
1	nasty filet mignon .
0	not that it was n't requested .
1	would definately not return !
0	the salads were even bad .
1	the interior of this restaurant does n't look at all like i expected .
1	nothing offensive about them .
0	we tried this restaurant for the first time for dinner and were disappointed .
0	there was no italian ambience .
1	not much flavor , just a hint of lemon .
0	the portion was large on both dishes , but lacked in flavor .
1	doubt if we will ever return to this restaurant again .
1	there are many other italian restaurants that are better than this one .
1	gross .
1	gross .
0	this time , the restaurant was n't even full .
1	of meat and _num_ pounds of bread ?
1	my issue is with the professionalism of the staff .
1	have not been here in such a long time .
1	it 's not that difficult to serve ice cream and chicken fingers .
1	it 's just a kid for crying out loud .
1	needless to say , i will be paying them a visit and contacting corporate .
1	not nearly enough topping !
0	overall it was a miserable evening .
1	to sum up , tiramisu is unwelcoming , hot and loud .
1	and to be charge more than $ _num_ for a teeth cleaning is ridiculous .
1	high prices do not equal good food .
1	the worst steak i 've ever had .
1	oh hell no !
1	no apologies , no manager apologies , nothing .
0	this was not victoria 's fault .
0	this was done by a gentleman that was of first assistance .
1	w/ side of spinach au gratin .
0	btw ... spinach au gratin was really tasty .
0	confirmed reservations were ignored or not honored .
1	does each visit really have to take _num_ and a half hours ?
1	personally , i would have appreciated some seasoning besides butter on my petite fillet .
1	wednesday not friday or saturday .
1	too bad .
1	the one and only time flemings has messed up a steak they comp 'd .
1	every time they do n't have the food on the menu .
1	the first _num_ times i thought ok but this is the third time .
0	and the lobster tails were the same tiny size as my mothers .
0	it only went downhill from there .
0	the steak was weird tasting .
1	look at my other reviews ... we are not super picky and ridiculous people .
0	food was pretty good , the wait service was disappointing .
1	but unfortunately , dont think i will .
1	believe me i 've been a manager at a ruth 's chris before !
1	quite a disappointing visit .
1	that should never be the case with a filet in any decent restaurant .
1	i would hesitate to go back in fear of the same experience .
1	sadly disappointing .
1	_num_ minutes later .
1	worst dentist i have had in my _num_ years of life .
1	horrible .
1	open _num_ hours with minimal choices of entrees to pick from the menu .
1	needless to say with these ridiculous layers , i look awful .
1	no excuses ... .
0	the cut cost $ _num_ but it was more like a $ _num_ cut .
1	this place is out of control lol !
1	_num_ comes still no pizza .
1	i 'm most likely gon na have my pizza delivered from elsewhere .
1	received an email after placing my order online stating a _num_ minute delivery time .
0	there was no effort made to contact me and no apologies offered .
0	there was a tea party area and a little salon area .
1	very disappointing for anyone who 's ever had a real tea party .
1	please do n't make the same mistake .
1	lots of dust and old merchandise .
1	now to the ugly about this place ... it 's grossly overpriced .
1	this place is a total rip off !
1	refused to refund money or even offer to make it look any better .
1	thank you european cleaners for wasting my time , money , and patience .
1	walking past the charming courtyard , i was rather dissapointed with the inside interior .
1	i wish i could say nice things all the way around .
0	anyway , the potatoes were left .
1	( we are from seattle where nobody cares what you wear to dinner ! )
1	very nice wait staff , just slow .
0	the wines were all very young which is ok if they were good .
1	_num_ ) only _num_ chocolate dish on the dessert menu .
1	however , the food has gone downhill .
0	but , for $ _num_ an entree ' i expected something better .
1	it shows that this restaurant has no class .
1	if you 've lived elsewhere you know what i am referring to .
1	no sincere attempt from lon 's at making this memorable .
1	the waiter could n't even explain why .
1	very disappointed .
0	while the service was just okay , the food was just terrible .
0	the quality of the food was less than mediocre for high prices .
1	we went to mcdonald 's after instead of wasting more money on the food .
0	i did n't even get to sit with my friend to celebrate her birthday .
1	our service is the reason why this review is getting a lower rating .
1	lon 's , here 's some advice from the cheap seats .
1	this is the worst restaurant meal i have ever had .
0	there were twelve in our group and ten of the twelve meals were unacceptable .
0	not only were the entrees horrible the appetizers and desserts were equally bad .
0	the food was bland and flavorless .
1	avoid this restaurant at all cost !
1	for the prices they are charging the food should wow and it did not .
1	new lunch menu looks like you 're dining at steak n shake .
1	lon 's is no longer the dining gem as it was in the past .
0	unfortunately the service from that point forward failed .
0	service tried hard so that counts .
1	just very marginal in my opinion .
1	not what i would imagine from a nice place like that .
0	they did n't have a place to properly change her .
1	so disappointing !
0	next , the food was miserable .
1	three of three strikes , shame on us for giving it another shot .
0	i was heavily disappointed .
0	the rice itself was cheap long grain rice .
1	disgusting .
1	the lo mein has horrible , bland , no flavor even with extra sauce .
0	my girlfriend had mongolian chicken with brown rice and a spring roll .
1	and , rude counter help does n't help at all ... .
1	a salty tasteless experience .
0	there was no ginger taste and it was super salty .
1	a flavorless meal .
1	what a mess .
1	it tastes like it 's pre-made in the morning or the night before .
1	it is not .
1	overall terrible .
0	my husband had the huevos rancheros , and said it was `` adequate '' .
0	it was not worth the price or the rude service .
1	_num_ mins goes by and we try to find our waitress .
1	that 's not how you treat customers .
1	several times now , they have added hidden fees .
1	i do not recommend this cleaners .
1	the staff is poorly trained .
1	however , i read the other negative reviews which were also true .
1	um sorry , i do n't think so .
1	incredible , low price specials and the occasional groupon .
0	so i purchased all _num_ treatments at that time for $ _num_ .
1	after _num_ treatments you only need touch ups for $ _num_ .
1	apparently they do not need our business .
1	ask lots of questions and then go find someone else to get one from .
1	it 's just not worth the risk .
0	he did n't listen to me and set up an appt for weight loss .
0	wasted my time .
1	no courtesy call , email reminder or a friendly text .
0	treated us like we had never had any landscaping done before .
1	would not recommend .
1	i am only sorry i could not give it a _num_ star rating .
1	my recommendation to the restaurant : improve your quality or lower your prices .
1	do n't bother with this place .
1	during off peak , you can get _num_ nights for $ _num_ .
0	woke up with headache everyday .
0	_num_ ) _num_ % of the electrical outlets did n't work .
1	find any other place in scottsdale .
1	ok , first i can say nothing bad about the room or amenities .
1	the fact that the maids that clean these rooms did n't notice is ridiculous .
1	the only great thing about this resort is the location .
1	a vet student should know this or in fact anyone who could use google .
0	do not go see this vet , what a horrible experience that was .
0	the problem was the simple marinara sauce .
1	i would not recommend it at all .
1	we will not go back .
1	unfortunately , i do n't think i 'll come back here .
1	unbelievable .
1	i spend approximately $ _num_ per month on dry cleaning .
1	if i could give them no stars i would .
0	i took in a jacket to be dry cleaning and they washed it !
0	if i had wanted it washed i would have washed it myself !
1	i was a 1st time customer , as this location is in my neighborhood .
1	amazingly terrible service .
1	i ca n't even say that starbucks has the best coffee and lattes around .
1	although the drinks get made , the service is terrible .
1	no extra caramel !
1	we ate there twice last week .
1	so sad .
1	i just quit eating .
1	& mgr .
1	basically that we could not get water , and it was _num_ degrees outside !
0	however , my excitement turned into disappointment by the end of the day .
1	- no gps .
1	very frustrating .
1	from my feet she should have been aware .
0	i was very dissapointed .
1	my friend went here for the 1st time , and will be the last .
1	i will not go here again .
1	it is now saturday and my nails are already starting to peel .
0	then looked away and went back to doing what she was doing .
1	what a total disappointment .
1	man just so disappointing .
0	i hated to tell him that there was no mechanical bull back in _num_ .
1	a little annoying , but the breakfast station line moves fast .
1	no mechanical bull , no activities .
1	do n't come here for the food .
0	there was also a piece of toast which i also did not try .
1	ate here last night with my husband for dinner .
1	so i paid full price for a very sad steak dinner .
0	my thanksgiving dinner was so cold i sent it back .
0	it was n't too sweet .
1	i wo n't spend any time on the `` town '' .
1	they have no bread service .
1	so after you order you have nothing to munch while you wait .
1	this place is all hype , but they do n't perform .
1	went here for thanksgiving dinner .
1	not for everyone .
1	but we really could have gone without .
1	no man .
0	wish we knew that they had bar food _num_ yards past the steakhouse .
1	there is stuff for sale and over priced food .
1	they do n't even do the haunted train ride anymore .
1	they did n't have it on the site that they charge for parking .
1	so after having to drive back to chandler and find an atm .
1	ca n't wait to see what else will happen .
1	the worst `` _num_ 4th of july event ever '' .
1	very disappointed .
1	a couple of drinks to start , really expensive .
1	so this would be $ _num_ for the family .
1	shoot the fair is a better deal .
0	the place was dead on a saturday .
1	she said we ca n't get you in for another _num_ hours .
1	it does n't seem like anyone cares to want to have business there .
1	i would skip this and spend my money in the casino .
1	food and service was underwhelming !
1	the worst 4th of july ever !
1	anything done to the course will be a blessing !
1	he is very impersonal .
1	i will not return to him or recommend him to anyone else .
0	they did not bill as routine and i was charged over $ _num_ .
1	i will gladly drive _num_ miles out of my way to the next subway .
1	i ca n't believe i ate the food.
1	no salt on top or even on the side for our own taste .
1	i feel sorry for anyone with allergies to nuts .
0	i was really disappointed !
0	it tasted terrible .
0	he was very indifferent and kept saying no one else had complained about it .
1	we will not go back .
0	$ _num_ bill and i was not satisfied at all .
1	sorry - that 's just not authentic fare and definitely not serious sushi .
1	the tuna , blech !
1	i only gave one star because i could n't give zero .
0	we then ordered the volcano roll ... absolutely horrible .
1	hiro sushi is my new go-to .
0	the asparagus was served plain with a little sesame seed on top .
1	would n't be back , would n't recommend .
1	i have gone here for years , but change of ownership this last month .
1	wo n't go back again .
1	they do not care about their residents .
1	and at this point may break my lease to do so .
1	this company is a poor excuse for an hoa .
1	terrible , terrible , terrible customer service .
1	terrible customer services .
1	stay far away from these problem people .
1	rude and careless staff .
1	the two people that we 're working were absolutely rude .
1	now i 'll tell you about the bad experience .
1	also no adult bar open past dinner .
1	the owner has been difficult from day one promising to pay me cod .
1	one is a star too many .
1	i guess i 'll have to find another place to do my dry cleaning .
1	no offer to check , just `` i do n't know . ''
1	pathetic !
0	stopped back by to pick it up and it was n't filled .
1	i would give it _num_ stars if i could .
0	none of the extreme symptoms were apparent .
1	i have spent $ _num_ and have recieved nothing from this vet .
1	just wanting money .
0	my wife and i were disappointed with the staff and the veterinarian .
1	but that was the worst decision i could ever make .
1	i would not recommend dc ranch animal hospital to anyone .
0	my daughters $ _num_ crown fell out within _num_ weeks .
1	would not recommend this dental clinic .
0	that was over one week ago with no call .
1	horrible experience with billing issues and problems with a new crown .
1	who the hell pays nearly $ _num_ to get their teeth cleaned ?
1	some clerks are helpful , a couple of them are not so much .
0	the place was empty on a saturday night !
1	tried charleston 's for lunch recently .
1	ugh , avoid this place .
1	ok , i have been a regular customer for a number of years .
1	hate to say , but probably will not be returning .
1	although the the filet was good , i will never eat there again .
0	as i left not one person acknowledged my presence .
1	i 'm sad to say that this place has truly fallen from grace .
1	was craving a french dip .
0	all of this was _num_ .
1	what an expensive mistake !
1	the bill - over $ _num_ !
1	so totally not worth it .
0	food was great service bad .
1	the other servers were checking on there tables constantly .
1	i am sitting here writing this review goin on _num_ min .
1	_num_ pm local and not busy .
0	lost my business for the future .
1	horrible service !
1	waiter getting our order wrong _num_ times in one visit .
1	waiter sitting on kitchen counter .
1	gross !
1	about the waiter , wrong sides , and chicken being very over done .
1	i will not have dessert .
0	i wanted out of that restaurant as quickly as possible .
0	my wife came in with a fedex flat rate package .
1	stay away from north scottsdale nursery and cactus .
1	no answer or no information .
0	that was not enough to justify the _num_ price tag .
1	i will not be back .
0	the areas used to get ready were small .
0	man , it was just a disaster .
1	i do n't think we got a total _num_ min workout .
1	we may have gotten _num_ min of actual workout on the surf boards .
1	the real reason for the low stars is that the treatments were mediocre .
1	scheduling appointments however , is anything but simple .
1	they could bat a home run but fail to even get on base .
1	i will not , however , ever return here for a pedicure again .
0	could that have been put elsewhere ?
1	people seem less than friendly here and sorry to say have attitude .
1	i urge people to not go to this place .
0	they would never had said anything ... .
1	i am not impressed by this agency or their policies .
1	we left wondering if we even want to go to europe .
1	all _num_ times dr. howard never took a blood test !
1	overpriced and lacking in communication skills .
1	seafood , even in arizona , should n't be this bad .
1	she just stood there staring and would n't really answer any questions .
1	i would hardly say _num_ strawberries are worth _num_ .
1	as for the food , wow what a disappointment .
0	next we had some appetizers ... beef skewers and pan fried dumplings .
0	so this place literally ruined christmas for us .
1	do n't waste your time .
1	worst scottsdale service i have had in the past _num_ years .
0	anyway , i lost my confidence in this place .
1	the woman who works in the deli is horrible .
1	very expensive and just ok .
1	food , service , everything else is so average .
1	it was n't horrible , but i wo n't be back .
0	the waitress had suggested that i substitute half my rice for small greek salad .
0	oh and we never did get our refill on our tea ... .
0	basmati rice was prepared fine , but still nothing special .
1	save your money and visit another restaurant .
0	you could have taken our order and then told our waiter .
1	but my other friend 's wine just didnt arrive .
1	i can not imagine this place when it is busy .
1	worst service ever !
0	the food was very bland .
0	the eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork .
1	four pieces of hard lamb ... and _num_ % of the dish jasmine rice .
1	i 'm not gon na get into details .
0	i would 've taken back if i did n't live _num_ min north .
1	if you want persian , eat in house , not to go .
1	this place has went down the drain .
1	ate her again and it is poor food , the service was reasonable .
1	the manager refused to make more reservations , i 'm really disappointed .
1	i could n't even finish my meal .
1	usually , it is piping hot .
1	i will not be back and will instead go somewhere else for persian food .
0	just walked in , tried to order something to go .
0	i just walked out after a few minutes .
1	no stars here !
1	owner needs to do something about customer service- attitude is not professional .
0	it was n't , really .
0	service , overall , was spotty and a bit slow .
1	this place has the worst customer service i have ever experienced !
1	i 've never had a worse experience than this !
0	i stopped in for lunch .
1	it 's not because of the money it 's all about characters !
0	lady # _num_ went to the back .
0	we came here because one of their overpriced boxes apparently failed .
0	we went into this store and talked to michael .
1	cox is not your friend in the internet age .
1	so ... bye bye cox .
0	i called back and they were unable to fix it .
1	pool specially the jacuzzi is never clean enough .
1	the staff is rude and far from helpful .
1	gross !
0	was informed _num_ months later !
1	and when u would walk back in the apt it would smell like sewage .
1	now do n't even get me started about the pool area !
1	this place is just short of a dump .
1	and maintenance _num_ hours ?
1	_num_ months of problems , in and out of the office .
1	overall , it has n't been the worst place we have lived .
0	which , was n't the first time cops were in the complex .
0	the place was never cleaned .
1	everything about this apartment is cheap and dirty .
1	this place is beyond a shit hole .
1	on top of the horrible front office people .
1	refuses to replace outdoor lighting , making a dangerous place at night .
1	the new management is awful .
1	sorry but we have no king bed rooms left .
1	sorry we ca n't refund you .
1	not much to recommend it other than convenient location .
1	wallpaper peeling off of wall .
1	oh yea , and no chips .
1	i repeat , do not move here !
1	dead roach in the kitchen upon move in .
1	no package service -- website says they will accept packages .
1	horrible management .
1	the place is very out dated and the plumbing here is awful .
1	so many problems here !
1	do yourself a favor and do n't fall for it .
1	management could care less and say they are doing what is required of them .
1	place is a joke , and the bathrooms are nasty .
1	my problem is i never agreed to automatically billed payments .
1	the lack of consistent fees and policies has hurt my experience .
0	owner and manager attempted to charge my credit card with the additional fee .
0	they refused my cash and services .
1	this is a trainers gym .
1	i am disappointed .
1	i can not stand the chicken used in their salads .
0	my son did n't like the cookie he ordered for dessert .
1	paying _num_ dollars for a sandwich is n't worth it .
1	i would n't go back .
1	and she was even pointing her nasty old finger at me !
1	not nice customer service at all !
1	when i was filling out the tip portion , she started rolling her eyes .
1	here is where it gets weird .
1	thumbs up for that .
1	i said to make sure they put full synthetic oil not synthetic blend .
1	after waiting almost _num_ hours this was very disappointing .
1	i will no longer be servicing my vehicle here .
1	poor service !
1	avoid this place !
0	i went in to buy a used kia soul .
0	waited for about _num_ mins .
1	not the options i wanted .
1	i would never reccomend mark kia to anyone , ever .
0	it was a horrible experience .
1	store manager and finance manager rude and unprofessional .
1	horrible experience from a repeat customer .
1	mark kia , your dealership is awful and i will never shop here again .
1	as for the staff , they are awful and uncaring at best .
1	one of the worst car buying experiences i 've ever had , awful service .
1	so do n't waste your time going here !
0	potential used car buyers be warned .
0	none of the initial numbers that the salesman presented made any sense .
0	everything about the experience was terrible .
1	first of all they advertise _num_ oil change .
0	the salesman was very low pressure ; in fact he hardly talked .
1	not ideal , but not a deal breaker .
1	one star but in reality they do n't even deserve one .
1	terrible service and people .
1	just terrible .
1	the horror begins after you drive off the lot .
1	bad company !
1	granted i 've been working on it .
0	we were so fed up that we walked out .
1	decided in the morning , i want this car i will do it .
1	do they really think that i am that dumb ?
1	they make a bad name for used car dealers .
0	the trade i asked for and a _num_ % + less interest rate .
1	worse experience ever !
1	the sales practices are pretty typical of a dealer .
1	i am however very disappointed in how they presented the vehicle .
1	sales rep knew nothing about the vehicle besides the very obvious .
1	they should feel dirty at the way they sell a car .
1	said they would have it out and ready to look at .
1	but since your here you might as well look around .
0	_num_ min drive for a vehicle i was assured was there and available .
1	will say they were friendly though .
1	customer service is absent at this dealership !
1	but horrible customer service .
1	they do n't deserve a star !
1	i am very upset that i wasted my time at this place .
1	you just get sick of sitting in a dealership .
0	he said he 'd check , but never returned .
1	same money down , lower payments , better car , much better experience !
1	follow up with the gm has not been pleasant either .
0	plus , he said the meat was chewy and low quality .
1	scottsdale , az _num_ .
1	ok , yes , the beer list is incredible .
1	ugh .
1	i think dog food right from the bag would be better .
0	i should have noticed because no one was eating .
1	i keep going back to papago , hoping my dining experience will change .
1	i walk in and sit down , wait , then wait some more .
0	they were rolling their eyes when he looked away and had bad attitudes .
0	there was n't an employee to be found .
1	im not that pushy .
1	wait time is long .
1	wo n't be back .
0	there was n't one and they had forgotten to set any aside .
1	is this guy insane ?
1	i normally dont do that if you buy a beer ?
1	the bar has n't been cleaned in who knows how long .
0	it is not like they were slammed or anything , just poor service .
1	do n't like this review ?
1	this is my third time here and everytime service has been slow at best .
0	on the bill she did change the charge to meatball ... .
0	the bill was $ _num_ and not worth half that .
1	awful ambiance and bad location .
1	the music playing was 50s music which does n't make sense for a bar .
0	eventually she did and she was very rude .
0	no worries though , we just wanted to grab a couple beers .
1	found the place even though it is hard due to bad signage .
1	could n't wait to leave .
1	i 'm not sure i can return after that discovery .
1	as they say , bad pizza is still good pizza .
1	long story short : come here for beer , not food .
1	food is way below average .
0	tastes like everything came from a packages or was frozen _num_ minutes before serving .
0	soon as i walked in at 3pm the people seemed sort of rude .
0	they charged me $ _num_ which thought was high .
0	the teriyaki was dry .
1	i have even walked out because of it .
1	these few things made the place seem unclean .
1	i have to fill in , not take away .
1	the lady giving me my pedicure cut me twice !
1	i will definitely not be going back .
0	i was not impressed at all .
1	i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
1	i ca n't even call it a pedicure .
0	they screwed up my nails .
1	in all , this is not my type of place .
1	very disappointed .
1	not worth the money in any way !
1	this review is purely about the poor service experienced at this legendary location .
1	i guess it does n't take long to cook a rare steak .
1	how do you mess up potato skins ?
0	we left shortly after .
1	does n't matter anyway , this place is now permanently closed .
1	i hate jamba attitude .
0	i had almost forgotten how much i do n't really care for jamba juice .
1	definitely disappointed that i could not use my birthday gift !
0	the smoothie itself was awful tasting .
0	i walked out .
0	this was by far the worst jamba juice store i have been to .
1	definitely not worth the wait though .
1	terrible customer service .
1	two times in a row , my order has been completely wrong .
1	the first time i was missing an entire sandwich and a side of fries .
1	i will not be doing business with this location again !
1	horrible service !
0	mashed potatoes came out dry as all hell no manager in the building ... .
1	makes it hard to call and place an order ... called _num_ times .
1	poor customer service poor attitude all around poor experience .
1	nasty place .
1	he listens to me but looks at me like i am lying .
1	hiding the free weights is n't a fun game .
1	_num_ ) sales staff is extremely pushy .
1	not a big fan .
1	no , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
0	this past weekend , the mcdowell location of la fitness hosted a vip event .
1	for me , going to the gym does n't equal social hour .
1	it 's like people think it 's hand soap and do n't touch it .
1	ugh it gets so busy during the peak hours .
0	ive had to wait for a cardio machine several times .
1	very shady practices here .
1	do n't be fooled .
1	if i could give them zero stars , i would .
1	oh , the kicker : the email said i still owe them $ _num_ .
1	equipment looks outdated as well .
1	hard to believe this gym is in scottsdale .
1	afternoon eye candy very weak .
1	this place sucks and the staff are rude !
1	that 's not what happened .
1	you may want to revisit your sales techniques la fitness .
1	needless to say i will not be coming back .
1	if something breaks it usually takes a couple weeks before the machine is fixed .
1	they are worse than bally 's was .
1	i 'm sure they will suffer the same fate .
1	sucks , because this is the closest gym to where i work .
1	oh well , off to see if planet fitness is any better .
1	i 'm having a hard time getting to like this place .
1	that 's the only reason i gave it that second star .
1	i will never recommend this gym to anyone .
1	incredibly underwhelming .
1	scan your own self in , whatever .
1	_num_ ) no free wi-fi .
1	could be so much better !
1	wasted space of _num_ squash courts !
1	a cycle room that is _num_ % empty .
1	aside from be super dirty and expensive the staff is rude .
1	i 'm dropping my membership and i will never go back .
0	all my friends pay much less here than what i was offered .
1	it is terrible and i do not recommend this gym .
1	this is not the gym for you .
1	if you have a membership trip another la fitness .
1	very creepy !
0	we did n't leave with anything that day .
1	for starters , this location is not set up very efficiently .
1	it 's not their fault really , but sad nonetheless .
1	this location is awful !
0	this being said , i was extremely dissapointed in this location .
1	are you kidding me ?
1	i was feeling terrible .
1	this experience would never have happened at their vegas stores .
1	not so easy .
1	after placing my order of their `` new '' bacon swiss chicken sandwich .
0	i just was n't happy with the service i received here .
1	just not worth it .
1	worst car buying experience i ever had !
1	i 'm still waiting on my 2nd key .
0	he tells me , it came in but it was the wrong key .
1	a week passes , no key , no phone call .
1	finance tries to bend you over .
0	i never heard back from them , so i called them a week ago .
1	but ac still not working properly .
1	it 's pitiful really .
1	this place is a ripoff .
0	scam , inflated prices , work not done on time .
1	this place is dishonest !
0	they charged me for work not done , and parts not installed .
1	for $ _num_ you do n't even get the dryer !
1	firstly it would n't take my debit card .
1	then it would n't take my cash .
1	absolute shit .
1	anyway i should have just left after the change machine too my money .
1	this car wash sucks !
0	i have been here three times and left angry each time .
1	no attendant .
1	at least try to pretend to give a darn .
1	i 'm the only car here .
0	really disappointed in the experience i had tonight .
1	sorry ( this ) sonic , but i 've experienced better .
1	will not go back .
0	it was gross .
1	they 're looking to rip you off - not help you out .
0	i 'm so glad i went and had a second opinion .
1	i do n't believe it .
1	that just sounds like complete b.s .
1	despite my stating - i do not want anything above a standard oil change .
1	i quite possibly will never go to another jiffy lube .
1	this takes me about _num_ minutes on a honda car .
1	avoid this , pay less and get better food in tempe , at rula .
0	the beer was definitely overpriced , as was their shots .
0	we all had different things , and the food was greasy and gross .
1	the food is typical english food , heavy and greasy .
1	have n't eaten here in a while , i 'm usually in for drinks .
0	the chips had an `` old oil '' taste .
1	they came out with _num_ small containers of hot mustard , which i love .
0	my wife and i came in for lunch on a friday afternoon .
1	i know my friends like this place .
1	flavorless and crunchy , yes , crunchy .
1	its not for the faint of heart though .
0	and it was n't immediate either .
0	plenty of other places in the area to direct your hard earned money towards .
1	change your name if you do n't even have the british open on !
1	clearly their aggressive pricing comes with poor quality work .
1	it is not a quiet complex .
1	so i guess they are not roaches .
1	maintenance staff is rude and ca n't be bothered .
1	there are a bunch of native american 's that frequent this establishment .
1	not much to say about this old little hole in the wall .
1	i am never using them again !
0	she made my day even worse then it was !
1	would absolutely never recommend .
1	... because you will not find that here .
1	filling , somewhat greasy and cheap !
1	i got stomach upset after i ate their carne asada burrito .
1	overall , it was a very disappointing dining experience .
1	i 've given it many chances and each time they get my order wrong .
1	so no breakfast for me until i can go for lunch .
1	spent about _num_ to $ _num_ on all this food .
1	used the drive-thru so i ca n't comment on the cleanliness .
1	however , do we tip at taco bell ?
0	i ordered the _num_ fried tacos .
1	a rare yelp disappointment !
0	my carne asada was rubbery and just average at best .
1	i feel like i tasted more tortilla than meat .
0	i tried the chicken , carnitas , and carne asada burritos .
1	its awful !
1	why does this place have such good reviews ?
1	no flavor whatsoever .
0	everything was very very plain .
0	i am a bit bummed at the wasted food and money .
0	the food was bland , flavorless .
1	_num_ stars for this place is insane .
0	i came here on a whim today with a craving for mexican food .
1	fiesta burrito is meh .
1	as an arizona native i 'm picky with my mexican food .
1	i could n't even chew through some bites .
1	i 'm not really surprised with my experience at fiesta burrito .
0	beans and rice were sub par and bland as well .
1	even the photos on their drive thru menu look bland .
1	star _num_ : how were the portions relative to the cost ?
1	stars _num_ and _num_ : how was the food ?
1	not good .
0	, which was really disappointing .
1	nasty , i will not be coming here again .
1	the surrounding area is very dark and a bit hard to see .
1	would n't go back .
0	the gf and i were in search of a happy hour in the area .
1	big disappointment .
0	my corona was $ _num_ and the bud lights were $ _num_ .
1	it made me immediately want to cancel my tanning membership .
1	what a really weird group of people here .
0	there were _num_ other tables that had people .
1	i ate it all because i was starving , but the chili tasted weird .
1	so it 's busy and loud with all the traffic .
0	the drink my wife ordered was watered down .
0	the steak tacos were passable , though i 've had better from del taco .
1	i 'm not even kidding .
1	what makes me angry is the waitress not telling me i was being charged .
1	i always worry this place will go out of business .
1	this place is horrible .
1	i will no longer ever come here again !
0	the guy known as `` little brandon '' here totally screwed me over .
1	worst experience ever .
1	totally rude behavior , i guess they have too many customer .
1	i can help , i will never go back again .
1	still sadly disappointed in this location , i 've never been so let down .
1	i 've posted a picture if you 're not convinced .
1	terrible customer service .
1	place sucks .
1	i 'm not upset , i 'm just extremely disappointed .
1	i have never experienced anything like this in my _num_ years of chiropractic care .
1	a picture says it all .
1	big mistake !
1	our mistake was not going down there to see their stock !
0	i had to follow up in person at the nursery to state my concerns .
1	appalling .
0	the owner was terribly rude and spoiled it .
1	are you kidding me ?
1	not that i would ever be crazy enough to give them my business again .
1	terrible customer service !
1	this is where it got weird .
1	all while this was going on , an old man ( barry himself ? )
0	service call was $ _num_ .
1	do not us this business you will be sorry .
1	this is not how you do business .
0	_num_ weeks later i called and he said he had n't gotten to it .
1	i will never step foot here again .
1	fortunately that has not happened yet .
1	the pancakes were disgusting and bland .
1	disgusting food , disgusting desserts .
1	sick is the only word to describe .
1	the stuff looks like its been sitting there since _num_ .
1	dirty plates , silverware , walls , floors , everything !
1	never again , hometown .
1	i never like buffet 's but this is horrible .
1	also , the food that is there is n't great even by buffet standards .
1	how the mighty have fallen .
1	horrible mistake .
0	everything looked like it came straight out of a can .
0	it was horrible .
1	i would never go there again .
1	this is a disgrace to the word , food .
0	my double cheese burger and medium fries were trash worthy .
1	will not be returning .
1	hell if i know !
1	do n't go here unless you 're ok with mediocre service and terrible management .
1	it will be in _num_ minutes .
1	the burger confused him , i guess because it normally comes in a meal .
1	too messy .
0	as i walked to the counter , my shoes stuck to the floor .
1	nasty !
1	too bad .
1	these guys are way too inconsistent .
1	even the district manager would n't return my call about terrible service .
1	i wo n't be back ... mcdonalds right down the road from me !
1	i could have had a cookie .
0	went to redeem a birthday coupon .
1	do n't give this dq your business .
1	unfortunately , after that it is just ok .
1	it is also quite expensive for my taste .
0	it looked dry and over cooked .
1	i am really hoping people stop coming here so they can just close down .
0	happy hour was dreadful .
1	nope , only appetizers at the bar .
1	no salads either .
1	with $ _num_ for a _num_ 1/4 lb .
0	the escargot was chewy in a butter sauce with just a hint of garlic .
0	my halibut was under cooked and fishy tasting .
0	long story short , i was disappointed with all of those .
0	i recently dined here for a special occasion .
1	it certainly can not be found at the salt cellar .
1	a seafood place that does n't serve sourdough ?
1	i could not have been more wrong .
1	unless of course you like bland inedible food .
1	unfortunately , it made our experience a disappointment and we wo n't be back .
0	i figured the _num_ stars were just people being cheap well i was wrong .
0	shrimp toast : lots of flavor and that flavor was salt .
1	food , absolutely horrible .
1	after all , they were charging _num_ bucks for a ribeye .
1	no way !
1	they will get no money from me .
1	no redeeming value for anything on the plate .
0	the lobster meat was very sweet but again fell flat on the seasonings .
1	what a disappointment !
1	for seafood there is a lot to be desired !
1	sad indeed for a seafood restaurant that should be better than the rest .
1	the lobster on the other hand could only be described as disgusting .
1	rude & arrogant people !
1	the dessert , chocolate lava cake , was n't even good .
0	at which point he walked away , never to be heard from again .
1	needless to say , we will not be returning .
1	the food is abysmal , way past dated .
1	unfortunately , this is where things take a different direction .
0	it was just , eh .
1	two rounds of drinks and about _num_ minutes later , we are seated .
0	said we could n't sit at the table if we were n't ordering dinner .
1	way to own up to your mistake .
0	i ordered the swordfish with mango salsa .
0	my husband had the salmon oscar which is served over bread pudding .
0	we were truly disappointed .
1	if this place was in chicago it would lose business to red lobster !
1	anyway , just a disappointment .
1	i first ate at the salt cellar as a child with my parents .
0	finally he just ordered straight bourbon .
0	the baked potato was decent .
1	salt cellar is stuck in the past and in need of a makeover .
1	seriously dont waste your money .
0	did not get bread until main course and several requests .
0	plates would n't get cleaned off unless i asked .
1	to pour salt on an open wound , this bland dinner cost a fortune .
0	salads were pretty bad with just iceberg lettuce .
1	ok ... trying to breath here .
0	as we sent everything back , seriously inedible .
1	my advice : spend your money elsewhere .
1	i could get fish out of the cap canal that taste better .
1	my husband made reservations for us online for dinner , for my birthday .
0	during our entire dining experience they made no mention of my birthday to us .
1	not romantic at all .
1	i 've been meaning to visit this restaurant for a long time .
0	when i was finally there , i was very disappointed .
1	this review is not related to the food , weird i know .
0	dress ruined !
1	we 've eaten here every year for the past ten years .
0	this year was such a disappointment .
1	think _num_ or _num_ or even _num_ times before going there .
1	bad food .
1	bad service .
0	escargot was only item worth recommending .
1	atmosphere was quiet and there is nothing modern about it .
1	it 's usually impossible to find parking .
1	i 'm sure if i was still in college , i 'd like it .
1	whether they were understaffed or what , i do n't know .
1	cheap ass drinks could n't make up for it .
1	i might be back , but i 'm in no hurry .
1	trash .
1	trash .
1	trash .
1	this bar is a complete waste of time .
1	i can not stand dudes in girl 's jeans .
0	there were only two employees .
1	i do n't really get the crowd here .
1	drinks are cheap and the staff seems pretty friendly .
0	i walked in anyway , despite thinking i was in the wrong place .
0	upon entering i realized something was very different - there was hardly any suits .
1	lame .
1	the prices are okay but not the best in the area .
1	i will not go back to ace hardware again .
1	staff at checkout is unhelpful .
0	upon returning from lunch , don called , but he was rude .
1	avoid this place at all costs !
1	they would n't even comp our room !
1	there is a cozy little bar and a restaurant .
0	when i tried to call back , she refused to answer the phone .
1	they would n't ruin their reputation would they ?
1	they told me they could do it , no problem , within an hour .
1	absolute worst auto care place i 've ever been to in my life !
0	had no choice really so had this done .
1	very disappointed .
1	they will rip you off .
0	i was hung up on before i could finish my rant .
1	a few days later , i 'm hearing the same noise .
1	about _num_ minutes later , i ask if they 've found anything .
1	they deserve no stars .
1	i 'm glad i only bought _num_ groupon cause i wo n't go back .
1	among this list is an alignment sheet saying my car is out of alignment .
0	i tell them my situation and instantly they asked if i came from midas .
1	cheap frames , cheap lenses , rude staff !
0	they tire i had to buy because mt tire got ruined was way overpriced .
0	i left bummed out .
1	well , $ _num_ later i have ac !
1	really bad business !
1	my fault for not looking more closely , i guess .
1	come for the driving range , do n't come for anything else .
1	i 'm convinced that this is the smallest peter piper in existence .
1	it 's bigger than a chuck e cheese and the staff is way friendlier .
1	avoid this location at all costs .
1	each game is two coins which is too much if you ask me .
1	the bathrooms are old and gross .
1	( which is why they get two stars ) .
1	the charge is _num_ dollars to enter and you get two ten dollar drinks .
1	with much hesitation i paid for my gf and myself 's entry fee .
1	do not waste your time !
1	_num_ minutes later and my car is still sitting where i parked it .
1	it still takes them _num_ minutes to do a basic oil change .
0	recently ordered a meal from my location for a christmas party .
1	again , no reply .
1	lack of professionalism throughout the entire ordeal .
1	worst customer service .
1	do not rent a car from here , worst experience ever .
1	one week later ... still no call .
0	and it was the manager ( shawn ) that we were dealing with .
1	poor customer service and car experience .
1	big mistake .
1	i just signed up to yelp after reading all these nice reviews .
0	i really needed to let everybody know about my horrible experience there recently .
1	i tell her that i 'm going to buy around _num_ dollars of food .
1	anyway , i order .
1	there are two long disgusting hairs in my burger .
1	she says i 've been rude since she told me about the coffee .
1	she is a waitress not a lawyer !
1	when something feels wrong , remember this post .
1	try to get that burger for under _num_ or _num_ bucks .
1	they keep getting negative reviews filtered .
1	you are not getting accurate reviews here .
1	also , breakfast is free , drinks from 5:00 to 6:30 .
0	and they only gave us two towels .
1	no problem , i 'll just turn up the heater .
1	do n't do it ... you 'll be sorry !
1	the cable cuts out every _num_ minutes and goes to a blue screen .
1	avoid financing with them at all costs .
1	dishonest !
1	i am not sure if they treat everyone this way or just women .
0	wow , i wish i 'd checked yelp before i went to chapman .
1	we wo n't be going back .
1	this is why i think car dealerships are disgusting .
0	i have never felt so offended in my life .
1	not true .
1	would never go back and never recommend .
1	i feel bad for going the cheap route .
0	i told him the price was $ _num_ on the can .
1	bad form .
1	what a disappointment !
1	what a disappointing experience .
1	no thanks .
1	i wo n't be back .
1	capital t for terrible .
1	those days are long gone .
1	no business .
1	come to think of it , so is my business .
0	this time , at least at the time i visited , no .
1	good , but not good enough .
1	no further explanation .
1	unbelievably horrible customer service .
1	an absolute waste of time .
1	they deserve no one 's business .
1	do not support businesses that do not understand customer service .
1	i sit down and peruse yelp reviews .
1	me , i guess i should asked the right question before sitting and waiting .
1	terrible service and rude .
1	seems a little long to me for such a small place .
0	they pushed away a customer .
1	very overpriced , inefficient and nothing special !
0	in short , exactly what i needed .
1	run , do n't walk , away from this company !
1	huge mistake .
0	and stuff was n't done .
1	it was getting so late on a saturday night that i almost fell asleep .
1	advertise and deliver correctly .
1	so unless you want to be refused service , try another location .
0	they did n't even say sorry .
1	hahaha this place is a joke !
1	not a good one either .
1	totally not what i was looking for but at least from same family .
0	so i quickly signed the papers and took delivery of the bike .
0	after i got back i noticed that they overcharged me $ _num_ .
1	first , i walk in and say `` i have an appointment . ''
1	_num_ minutes pass so i walk back to the car place .
1	i ca n't believe any of this .
1	never coming back or recommending first class auto to anyone that i know .
1	highly suggest pep boys across the street though !
1	he will cheat you like he did me .
1	no i know you ca n't and wo n't .
0	morning to have it looked at .
0	my initial thoughts were `` great , so i just spent my sat .
1	americanized chinese food that is overwhelmingly average .
1	not pleased .
0	the lo mien noodles were ... awkward .
0	wontons were mush , and tasted terrible .
1	maybe other dishes on the menu are better i do n't know .
1	totally ridiculous , i will never order from them again .
1	they seem to be really inconsistent .
1	and i swear to god , they were spaghetti noodles .
1	never going back .
1	i probably would not recommend going here again .
1	i will not go back there .
0	however , today i ordered from here and the food deserved zero stars .
1	this is the kind of place which gives chinese food a bad name .
1	try the sesame chicken .
1	it 's seriously too big to even swim in a tank that small .
0	it was like a bite of a dense veggie patty .
1	i wish there were zero stars .
1	we all ended up throwing everything away .
1	the bad : well ... .
1	in turn my legs are burnt from the noodles and all over the floor .
1	the edges were so tough i could n't get my plastic fork through it .
1	is this remotely close to how one should appropriately handle a food safety issue ?
1	these past _num_ times , i tell the lady my simple hair cut .
0	but this last chance was the last straw .
1	but _num_ in a row ... .
1	the fool is me .
1	i would not recommend this place .
0	the actual mani/pedi was sub-par , at best .
0	she did an okay job with the cuticles , but nothing special .
1	i have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life !
0	i was also a rushed `` walk-in '' client .
1	that is what started to piss me off .
1	no problem right ?
1	he started rushing through my nails and acted rude .
0	only thing that was `` okay '' was the paint job .
1	she would push my moms hands out of the way and just plain rude !
1	am i stuck in some weird dream ?
0	service was slow , and the server had a slight attitude the entire night .
0	she was brought a plate of _num_ bite size slices .
1	for the entire dining room ( _num_ tables ? )
1	it 's all about the food ?
1	do n't serve it , you lazy assholes !
0	we were sorely disappointed .
1	so obnoxious .
1	walked out and will never return .
0	the first time was admittedly my fault .
0	the second time we tried to go , it was closed .
0	called _num_ or _num_ times and even left a message but nothing .
0	it was my favorite restaurant in all of phoenix .
1	the focus was on presentation , not on providing a real meal .
1	everything we ate we could n't really taste because of all the salt .
1	luckily the free yelp corkage coupon is accepted !
1	this it 's pretty ridiculous .
1	do n't think we 'll waste our time again .
1	i 've been here twice to try to get takeout .
0	it was actually pretty bad .
1	so , i read reviews and thought i would try out their delivery .
1	i would not recommend this place .
1	but i really hate when i leave a place feeling used & played .
1	why do n't you know the menu ?
1	worst chinese food ever .
0	service was bad !
0	the sandwiches were mediocre at it 's best .
0	i arrived _num_ minutes later .
0	the cashier refused to make more of the soup of the day .
1	i have not received such an attitude toward a customer before .
1	it 's not that hard to please the customer .
1	wo n't be back .
1	my sandwich taste like its been sitting in circle k for weeks .
1	really dude ?
1	my dad and i split a whole combo sandwich .
0	thankfully , i did not think the cheesesteak was that good at all !
1	there is no excuse for ignorant management .
1	i ca n't imagine spending $ _num_ for one of these half sandwiches .
0	the meatball sub was n't anything special to me either .
1	i was not impressed , and would not recommend this place .
0	was nasty .
1	i have no idea why people rave about this place .
1	the other is the italian cold cut which i will try .
1	price is n't bad and decent value .
1	ever !
1	for horrible service .
1	philly cheese steaks mediocre .
1	what a waste of $ _num_ .
1	worst italian beef sandwich ever .
1	after waiting in line _num_ minutes i ordered the italian combo to go .
0	waited another _num_ min for them to prepare and off i went .
1	no way i can recommend this place for sub sandwiches or deserts .
0	the same time i bought the sausages i also purchased meatballs .
0	it probably should have been closed .
0	no napkins or silverware was provided .
1	i could n't find an italian in the place .
1	the food is _num_ % canned garbage .
1	they serve there meatball sub on a hotdog bun .
1	make sure you have your toilet paper very , very close ... .
1	you wo n't find a better selection in scottsdale .
1	when you walk in you cant leave with out getting a drink or two .
1	shame on you discount !
1	rude !
1	i could not believe the poor service and how long it took .
0	maybe it was because they were n't selling me new tires .
1	i wo n't be going back .
0	last may i had become suddenly ill and lost my balance .
1	mayo phoenix will not .
0	the entire appointment took _num_ minutes .
0	after being admitted the nurses were n't any better .
0	i had skin cancer - diagnosed and operated on by physicians at mayo .
0	mayo turned out to be a nightmare for me .
1	i go to leave and there is no co pay due at the time .
0	this gave me no life .
0	went immediately to another hospital where i was admitted .
1	oh my goodness ... it is a total nightmare !
1	this is not of their doing and we know that .
1	how does this place maintain such a stellar reputation ?
1	they 're crooked and there are multiple stands that are too long .
1	it 's a shame .
1	i wait a few minutes longer .
1	two months later i received a missed appt bill of _num_ .
0	also would n't take a coupon because it was n't presented on arrival .
1	terrible experience with the staff .
0	they were not willing to show an apartment .
1	if one of my guests smoke outside , that is none of their business !
1	although the perfect apt doesnt exist , i would recommend looking elsewhere .
1	they decide to expand their store and in the process kill a small business .
1	but i 'm quite literally here _num_ times a week .
1	terrible customer service .
1	no respect for my time !
1	this place is the worst .
1	unbelievable .
1	on principle alone this company really disappointed me .
1	avoid this place !
0	i just left this car wash and was very unsatisfied !
1	this has got to be the worst car wash in the area .
1	been going to this car wash for a few years now .
0	went in a few weeks later the attendant tries to charge me $ _num_ .
1	no , no , no .
0	the car did not look any different than a regular car wash .
1	this business is the epitome of bad business practices .
0	never wiped the seats down either !
0	i had a coupon and was being pushed towards the higher priced wash .
1	in particular the bathroom was disgusting .
1	look at other reviews and i agree with how bad this place is .
1	there is something wrong going on here .
1	and now i will tell you what added insult to injury .
1	i wo n't be ordering again .
1	therefore , i make my own .
0	then i opted for the penne with chicken and mushrooms in a pink sauce .
1	terrible !
1	too expensive for bad food .
1	avoid it like the plague .
1	very disappointed .
0	we had pasta and it ended up costing us _num_ dollars , ridiculous .
1	this is my first _num_ star rating !
0	it was n't cold at all and definitely was n't worth the money .
1	no wonder the place is a shut whole .
1	i ended up throwing it away .
0	they also served people who ordered after me first .
0	the older lady who ended up helping was horrible .
0	the sizes were not clearly marked and the woman did n't care .
1	_num_ -- which i just experienced , is an incompetent work force .
1	she hands me my drink , then she hands me the receipt .
1	i stop at mcdonalds perhaps three times a year .
1	i do n't like mcdonalds food .
1	so i am taking my business elsewhere .
1	unfortunately this ups location is less than friendly or helpful .
1	try the location near fry 's in fountain hills .
1	zero customer service .
1	she was yelling at me across the store in front of other customers .
1	i drove all the way over there from chandler and it was n't out .
1	a simple `` i 'm sorry , what box are you ?
1	worst ever !
1	there are much better places for breakfast .
1	i have to agree with shannon w this time .
1	much thinner , the eggs benedict should be avoided .
1	i 've been to better breakfast joints !
1	i really have never experienced a server like that in my life .
1	that 's all i have to say about this one .
0	i was annoyed , but ate it anyway .
1	now the place is always empty .
1	maybe i am not the only one who feels this way ?
1	the past several visits , though , have made me stay away for good .
1	that 's not good enough .
0	it was just a little strange .
1	heck , they do n't even carry green peppers any more !
1	calorie counts are no longer listed , even though the website claims they are .
1	huge disappointment !
1	the eggs are not cooked properly and lack salt .
1	with below average coffee i wo n't be going back .
0	the coffee here was terrible as well , no taste , just bitter .
1	overall , a horrible experience on june _num_ , at _num_ pm .
1	i was very unhappy not sure i 'll go there again .
0	three of the four plates were served cold .
0	the fourth was forgotten entirely .
0	did n't make any sense .
1	regardless , there are plenty of better places to go for breakfast .
1	our server must have been having a bad day or something .
1	this place could be my go to for sunday breakfast .
1	how can you mess up eggs ?
0	serve cooked eggs cold .
1	this place is very reasonably priced and in a convenient location next to albertsons .
1	this place is always dead .
0	perhaps if there were people that actually worked , they 'd have more patrons .
1	the worst coffee in the city of tempe .
0	this happened to my coworker this week .
1	the service is unfriendly and super slow .
1	no need to add further stress to the procedure .
0	i was very disappointed .
1	yes , the portions were large , but size is n't everything .
0	there were no other customers in the restaurant .
1	does anyone know what authentic chinese is ?
1	i 've seen them only in seattle and nyc .
1	avoid ordering any of the soups ... ... their pretty poor .
1	grateful even when i am paying .
0	waited another twenty minutes for dinner -- same thing .
0	he gave no explanation so i tipped as usual .
1	very disappointed !
1	just not impressed .
1	rubbery chicken and beef , high prices for the quality .
1	i have no idea of why i was stupid enough to just walk out .
1	every time i order food , something is always overcooked .
1	the food here is `` hit or miss . ''
0	pity , because the food was good .
1	if you have an allergy to msg like i do .
1	it 's really obvious that msg is and everything .
1	something that even a chinese takeout place should not be able to mess up .
0	and the shrimp obviously was not fresh ... and very salty .
1	vegetables used are frozen ... their not fresh .
1	i 've eaten better chinese food at airport chinese faster restaurants .
0	no fresh vegetables ... everything frozen ... and loaded with msg .
1	since we 're never going back there 's no point .
1	wo n't be back .
1	if i could have given you _num_ stars or a negative review i would .
1	_num_ minutes later she came back and said they are still working on it .
0	i tried the buffet today and was very disappointed .
1	this is not as good as it used to be .
1	too bad , this place is so close to where i live .
1	not worth it for bland food that makes you sick .
0	the food was ok , nothing special .
1	she said something that i could n't understand and hung up .
1	not going back .
1	just go to walgreens for deals .
0	front cashier , older lady , was awful !
0	several minutes later another tech came to the window .
1	horrible !
1	this place is a rip off .
1	walgreens corporate should send secret shoppers .
1	this is by far the worst walgreens pharmacy that i have ever been too .
1	warning to all customers !
1	this pharmacy is terrible .
1	the employees at the pharmacy are rude and disrespectful .
1	if not , look elsewhere .
1	there was never a third coupon , as karen continues to lie about .
1	terrible .
1	i would n't leave my dog here !
0	i was not informed of any of these issues when i picked them .
0	i called and spoke with the owner and was disappointed in the conversation .
0	i looked too `` soft '' .
0	had she told me this i would have gone some where else .
0	i was annoyed because i need to press one of the dresses .
1	no apology and not even an excuse .
1	after today however i will never go back !
0	needless to say i did not have my dress for my trip .
1	wo n't be back .
0	i 've certainly had worse but i was n't thrilled with my gel mani/pedi .
1	so horrible !
0	i was sad when it did n't live up to the hype .
1	unfortunately , the tour guides are not experts .
0	my dad jokes there was vodka in her water bottle .
1	hallways elevators filthy from construction work .
1	business must be good or they would not treat patients this way .
1	i have been a patient for _num_ years and probably wo n't be anymore .
1	not impressed to say the least .
0	get the food , fries were the best part .
1	get the check and the _num_ % is automatically added .
1	it 's too far to be treated that way .
1	no drink cart or halfway stop on white wing .
1	i would n't play here again if you paid me $ _num_ .
1	the last response from rio verde : `` maybe you should consider moving . ''
1	however , lately my visits to this store have been a huge joke .
1	but i got ta tell you that i am very disappointed in them .
0	this einstein was a terrible experience .
0	not even a message on the voicemail that said they were n't open ... .
0	they were so rude and i was so appalled at this kind of service .
1	will not be returning .
1	i wo n't even talk about how poorly the place is now laid out .
1	five people waiting to get their haircut , one dude .
1	not a huge fan at all .
1	i wo n't be coming back .
0	door was locked .
1	this place is n't a that great .
1	they 're burgers are terrible .
0	my wife also had the salad bar and she said that was bad too .
1	ra does n't serve sushi .
1	no other fish with that ? ''
1	no apologies , just `` we do n't have that . ''
0	the uni was gross .
0	i took one bite and left it there .
0	it was slimy and not fresh at all .
1	this is not the place anyone who cares about fresh fish really eats .
1	ok on top of it being a horrible experience , the fish just sucked .
1	really , terrible quality , terrible selection .
1	i will not be fooled again .
1	it 's loud , obnoxious crowd , and way too expensive !
1	also the two times i have been there the place has smelled like mildew .
1	i dont think i will go back .
1	this place is another lame attempt of a trendy sushi restaurant .
0	it was so bitter .
1	what a disappointment .
1	the food 's ok , the service is among the worst i have encountered .
1	so we sit there , and sit there .
0	this was my first attempt at a sushi restaraunt .
1	it takes them forever to get your drinks , orders , etc .
1	i 've had a couple bad experiences .
1	ra is the worst place to go for sushi .
0	i was visiting az from california yesterday and a colleague recommended this sushi place .
1	we were laughing at the situation the whole time .
0	over priced , mediocre and bland sushi .
1	till then , spend your thirsty dollars elsewhere .
1	too damn expensive and the service usually sucks !
1	the food is good but not worth this much frustration .
0	the fish , was n't horrible , but definitely nothing to write home about .
0	otherwise , it was $ _num_ for dinner the last time i went .
1	and for the high price point , this is really a turn off .
1	the sushi on the other hand is just meh !
1	i would not go here during regular hours and regular prices .
1	extremely poor service .
1	is n't this a japanese restaurant ?
0	went into ra to grab a drink with a few friends .
1	what the ... probably wo n't be back .
1	lastly , we sat on the patio , which is a back patio .
1	simply horrible .
1	horrible , inexcusable service every single time i have gone .
1	rude .
0	i was ignored by the bartenders and other staff members .
1	for another _num_ minutes at least !
1	a couple of buddies and i were craving some sushi .
1	i do n't know how the manager didnt take care of the whole bill .
1	we 're not supposed to know which sushi is which , the servers are .
1	the menu tries too hard to be cute and sexy .
1	they do n't even offer real japanese wasabi .
1	place is clean though and i do love they 're happy hour .
1	this response is not acceptable !
1	do n't trust a sushi place without a single japanese person working there .
1	will never be going back to ra on mill ave .
0	and did but waste my precious time for lunch .
0	went to ra sushi today for lunch .
1	it ruins ur experience and you just think twice every time you go there .
1	so disappointing !
1	i would definitely not recommend it !
1	nothing special .
0	our server was disconnected & cold .
0	compared to old town , the give next to nothing .
1	not a big fan .
0	it was so gross .
1	get off your high peaks .
1	my bad .
1	it 's loud , not air conditioned .
1	terrible food .
1	bland , bland , bland .
0	blue cheese dressing was n't the best by any means .
1	this lady was so rude i am never going back .
1	moral of the story is , do n't forget your id .
1	if i could give it a no star i would .
1	i do n't care what the food and beer is like .
0	not unless invited by good friends .
1	i 'm not sure how this place has a _num_ star average rating .
1	the brewery atmosphere is standard .
1	the night i was there it had a lot of screaming kids running around .
0	that said the food and service was pretty respectable .
1	not the worst breakfast i 've ever had , but for $ _num_ ?
1	i would never come back .
1	no ac , really ?
1	excuse my french .
1	apparently , silverware is to much to ask for .
0	this immediately pissed us all off and ruined our experience .
1	the `` beer bread '' is basically a thick flour tortilla .
1	needless to say , we wo n't be returning here anytime soon .
1	tvs are on and people are chatting .
1	a very happening place .
1	maybe its me , but i do not find the plates very appetizing .
1	they have less than ten , albeit their own .
0	i wrote down my address , phone number , date of birth .
0	still he was unsatisfied .
1	yes , very fishy .
1	very disappointing .
1	so it 's been awhile since my last visit here .
0	the waitress was rude and not attentive .
1	you gave dirty looks the entire night .
1	their nachos & spinach artichoke dip are n't bad .
1	unfortunately , the 8th st location sucks .
1	i asked where i could wait .
1	so , i asked if i could grab a table to wait .
1	want to know why they get a bad review ?
1	i 'm not a fan .
1	their beer is n't my favorite , and their food is sub-par .
0	had it not been so terribly hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
0	we were seated immediately .
1	i do n't eat bacon .
1	do n't get it if you do n't like the taste of beer .
1	i do n't know how you make a medium well burger that fast .
0	bouncer however , very rude and looked like he wanted to fight us .
1	horrible brewery .
1	just awful customer service .
1	you are a horrible corporate monster .
1	only giving one star because i ca n't give zero stars .
1	very disappointed with this place on my most recent two visits .
1	wasted time because of poor communication and inconsiderate employees .
1	said , `` i am an officer , you are a fucking private . ''
1	there are security guards during the weekdays .
1	they should have comped that pizza .
1	so very unfortunate since i wo n't be back .
1	this sucks because i like the food and love the staff at _num_ peaks .
1	i ca n't explain what has happened , but it truly is sad .
1	too loud .
1	sounds so hard to screw up right ?
1	worst combination for a chicken sandwich .
1	the fans were on high making the place cold .
1	sorry , four peaks .
1	this place is one of the worst sushi joints in town .
1	blah food .
0	and these were pretty basic selections - not the fancy rolls with _num_ ingredients .
0	that said , they were n't awful - but simply nothing memorable .
1	the rice was disgusting .
1	average food , average service , rude employees , high prices .
0	this happened to me not _num_ minutes ago .
1	( never mind the mediocre food ... . )
1	- the sushi is too small .
0	i was disappointed nobody came to her aid .
1	wow this place has gone down hill big time .
0	it was all bad .
0	the spicy tuna did n't taste anywhere near fresh or right .
0	and the salmon which was just bad .
1	spend your money somewhere else .
0	these douche bags made us pay our bill twice on sat .
0	it tasted like butt .
1	the could use music , better lighting , and better service .
1	the bad : consistency is not common here .
1	i dont think i will return to sushi _num_ !
0	even the miso soup tasted like dirty salt water .
1	oh , and the parking sucks too .
1	dingy atmosphere , not appetizing when you 're ordering raw fish .
1	do n't waste your time or money here .
1	worst sushi ever .
1	i am not a huge fan but i have had worse .
0	the rice was old and tasteless .
0	the first time , my husband was very pleased with his plate of albacore .
1	my husband order a plate of albacore again .
1	finally , you have to pay $ _num_ for wasabi .
1	just like yelp says , i have experienced better .
1	wow terrible place here !
1	our waiter would disappear & left us for _num_ mins after giving our bill .
0	not to mention we had to wait _num_ mins for three rolls of sushi .
1	if you want some nice sushi , stay away from this place .
1	all you get here is cheap cheap cheap for pretty expensive rolls and drinks .
1	this place is not worth the money or craving of sushi .
0	i felt so uncomfortable .
1	all that has happened to me multiple times there .
1	also , their rice is almost always too dry .
1	seriously -- why bother .
1	sushi is mediocre .
1	freshness is mediocre .
1	their quality of sushi , going straight down .
1	it actually was one of the worst mixed drinks i 've ever had .
1	gross , gross , gross .
1	i 'm disappointed this time here .
0	i ordered shrimp tempura they arrived soggy .
0	i spent about $ _num_ for _num_ people .
1	poor excuse for a restaurant .
1	they do n't want your money .
0	rolls were not good and fish did n't taste fresh .
0	- the presentation of the rolls was horrible .
1	nope , this is n't a place for me .
0	we came here tonight , waited _num_ minutes for a server and left .
0	the manager did n't quite seem to feel too bad about what happened .
1	let me just start by saying i loved sushi _num_ until tonight .
1	shame on you sushi _num_ , the worst restaurant experience i have ever had .
1	i remember the food being pretty decent , however the service was really sub-par .
1	i regret giving a tip .
1	the customer service in the pro shop is terrible .
1	find a more friendly golf course unless you like bad customer service .
1	the worst experience ever !
1	they have the worst customer service ever !
1	i dont suggest this is the place to put your hard earned money into .
1	the serving size are limited on the salsa and guacamole .
1	stay away from and find a street cart , seriously .
0	three words it sucked , sucked , sucked !
0	the grilled vegetable platter was just o.k .
1	a bowl of soup , veggie platter , margherita and guacamole cost $ _num_ .
0	first , the bartender was an a -- hole .
1	seriously a limit of three ?
0	took over _num_ min to get awful , cold food .
1	not worth the price .
0	went for valentines day and was disappointed .
1	although i do n't care for chains , alas it served a purpose .
1	gross !
1	they also charge $ _num_ for chips and salsa .
1	he said sorry and that he would let the kitchen know .
1	never going back .
1	it was so long at that point i could n't stay .
1	it was insulting .
1	food is n't bad but nothing to get excited about .
1	went there with some friends and probably wo n't go back .
1	have n't been here in a while and service not good tonight .
1	appetizers came with our dinner which of course should n't .
1	after having marginal service we were less than impressed .
0	still , it took _num_ minutes to get a table .
0	bathrooms were not stocked and filthy .
1	will not be back .
1	terrible service !
1	do n't fall for the lies .
1	bottom line they over promise and under deliver .
1	the place is a complete scam .
1	they ended up charging me $ _num_ for a complete package .
1	no vacuum , no nothing !
1	overall not really happy at all .
1	customer service is pretty terrible .
0	the wax job was horrible .
1	unacceptable !
1	i do n't know why people hype this place so much .
1	what do you expect from an entirely baked work force .
0	the guy who made my sandwich was super awesome .
1	this place sucks .
1	dunno what that 's about but hey , i 'm new here .
1	very very disappointed with their service !
0	soda was flat both times we went .
1	i am only _num_ miles away .
1	we ended up leaving and hopefully they know how to refund my money .
1	this location is really awesome some times and other times it 's pretty lousy .
1	if you want to try the food , forget delivery .
0	by the way , we never did get that sauce delivery .
0	it looked nothing like what i have come to expect .
1	seriously the worst cheba hut ever .
0	it made no sense .
0	first time they did n't put any veggies on it .
1	terrible experience today !
1	come on cheba hut , i need your food in my life .
1	unfortunately these people have absolutely no idea what they are doing !
1	i live _num_ miles away !
1	so you just lost your employees money as well .
1	it 's onto minute _num_ .
1	worst customer service .
1	whatever needs to be said can be in an email or message .
1	so disappointing .
1	i have had better chicken sandwiches elsewhere .
1	now they wo n't deliver .
1	horrible service ... cashiers act like complete morons .
1	mesa location is soooooo much better .
1	she let me know that it would be about _num_ minutes to an hour .
1	that would be far better than ignoring calls and rudely telling off potential customers .
1	one of the boys says , `` i think i lost my appetite . ''
1	service there is rude !
1	they do n't hustle to help you or make orders .
0	oh no garlic bread ran out .
1	i also remembered the pitas have more in them and being better tasting overall .
1	_num_ minutes later : no drinks , no pita .
1	guess they must not need the business .
1	the management should teach their employees phone etiquette .
1	and a super huge disappointment , what the heck !
1	no pitas , at pita pit ?
1	this is not the first time i have been disappointed in this store .
0	stopped in to buy a couple bags of ice .
1	i wo n't go out of my way to come here again .
1	it was like something a super drunk person would fix at 4am .
1	it 's fairly bland , heavy on the cheese and sauce .
1	after waiting a while , i would just leave .
1	a so-so wrap with so-so customer service and no bathrooms .
0	when i got to the terminal , i called again .
1	it got really busy here , i am sorry '' .
1	bad experience in and of itself .
0	the room was smelly .
0	obviously plenty of people have smoked in that smoke free room .
0	did n't get to stay .
1	we wo n't be staying here again .
1	our trip next year we will not be picking this hotel again .
1	avoid at all costs .
1	for the traveler on a budget , it would probably work fine .
1	the word is certainly too soft compare to the way she talked to me !
1	the place looks like it needs a major makeover .
1	do n't go here unless you want to pay for crap .
1	plastic container , which is a cheap plastic piece of junk .
1	i refuse to support a business that does n't have reasonable customer service policies .
1	disgusting .
1	a few hours later my stomach was hurting so much .
1	its kind of depressing , especially after you get all clogged with fatburger .
0	like another poster said , they just make me hungry for in-n-out .
1	it 's just a greasy pile of mess .
0	the service was good here they greeted you as you walked in and left .
1	rio has been one of the worst learning experiences i have ever had .
0	i really only took classes here to transfer them to asu .
1	if you can , pick another place to get your education .
1	every term i have taken there has been an utter and complete disaster .
1	i 'm grateful i did n't waste money on a math class here !
1	four years later i try to give the college another try .
1	i deeply regret not doing my homework and reading the reviews beforehand .
1	never ever even consider this so called college .
1	the worst experience of my life .
0	they absolutely ruined my excitement to go back to college .
1	that 's how badly they ruined it for me !
1	try to find something better is my next plan .
1	i 'm not even sure where to begin .
1	they are a terrible barrier .
0	the content itself was from high school , nothing new .
1	i did n't know my opinion piece could be wrong ?
1	no , you ca n't make everyone happy .
1	this facility is awful .
1	also , the staff are pretty rude .
1	really disappointed .
1	they have terrible customer care .
1	i would not go here for classes , though .
0	i only came here for the training , very depressing experience .
1	_num_ dollars for a mens hair cut that 's subpar ?
0	she did n't even trim all the ends or anything .
1	i do not recommend this salon .
1	if you like a clean rug , this is not your place .
1	i really do n't know how to write a review for food city .
1	more so then i would have liked .
1	no freakin rice .
1	unacceptable !
1	but have n't yet complained .
0	small rooms , recently updated , make for a comfortable stay .
1	disappointing stay for a hilton diamond member .
1	not a hampton inn we will recommend .
0	they were not fit to eat .
1	the awesome blossom !
0	did n't taste good at all .
1	you 're gon na need it .
0	as for the food , never had it .
1	yet when we decided to leave , we could not find our server anywhere .
1	the kobe sliders could have been better .
0	i also had the crab stuffed shrimp and it was too salty .
1	the food is n't that great .
0	the place was not busy at all .
1	after waiting for nearly _num_ minutes , we left .
1	there are many good places to eat on mill , so skip this one .
1	generally , i 'll avoid if at all possible .
0	our waitress , ( lauren ) knew the beer , was very attentive .
0	and more bacon , and something that was supposed to be ranch .
0	i found the beer menu surprisingly limited and uninspired .
1	the food is quite honestly , meh .
1	i would n't reccomend it for more than maybe the beer and garlic fries .
0	however , the hostess refused to seat us in the dining room .
1	of all the restaurants i have been to this is the worst .
1	skimpy skimpy pours on wine , almost ridiculously so .
1	got food poisoning off a simple caesar salad .
1	worst food poisoning i 've ever seen .
1	if you do go , do n't get a salad .
0	the fries were just fine but the steak was pitiful .
1	very disappointed and would stay clear of this place .
0	my gorgonzola rib eye was supposed to be medium rare ... again , nope .
0	it was bland , no flavor .
1	just stick to beer .
1	they do not clean the tables out there .
1	has _num_ dusty old tv 's outside .
0	my husband and i shared the california flat bread .
1	the only cool thing about he place is the patio overlooking mill ave .
1	awful service and unremarkable food .
0	waited almost _num_ minutes to initially get waited on at our table outside .
1	gave us waters without asking .
1	not anymore .
0	the worst service however came from our waiter , who was extremely slow !
1	crap cheap food .
0	the room , however , was not .
1	some would say that i should have demanded a different room .
1	overall , this place seems like it is in a questionable area of tempe .
0	but my stay actually went quite smooth .
0	we 've been here _num_ nights and had to change rooms _num_ times .
1	they are a little lax on the housekeeping as well .
1	two remaining chairs badly stained .
1	you would have a better stay in a box outside on a corner .
1	ummm , not my problem .
0	this place was a nightmare !
0	that gave me another headache and a half .
1	thus its very difficult to get myself into the classes i need .
1	they are beyond crappy and overpriced .
1	if you go expecting anything more than that , you 'll be extremely disappointed .
1	the quality of education is lacking at best , and laughable at worst .
0	all he said was no and i had closed the chat window .
1	i could go on and on .
1	if you have half a brain , choose someplace else .
0	he was not listed .
1	asu online is a scam !
1	if you do n't , they send it to collections .
0	nothing like i asked for .
1	all in all i will never go back !
0	so i sat down and waited ... and waited ... and waited .
0	none of the other stylists said anything ... do i walked out .
1	bad service ... took my business elsewhere ... would recommend the same .
1	there was garbage floating in the bottom and true pond scum floating there .
0	we were offered a _num_ % discount for inconvenience , which was not enough !
1	however , directly across the road is a very large power plant .
1	this is an old worn out hotel .
1	it would have been useful to have one .
0	the worst things about the room were the bed and pillows .
1	the pool looks really gross , would n't suggest going in it .
0	literally nothing here seemed clean .
0	it was also hard to wash my hair because of the low water pressure .
0	well after one sip of the second beer , i knew it was nasty .
0	breakfast was ok , but nothing special .
1	the other _num_ were freezing cold .
0	it was just a horrible experience !
1	thanks for not helping me tonight after getting stranded in phoenix airport .
1	probably one of the worst hotel experiences i 've ever had .
1	worst hotel experience ever !
1	sorry , not acceptable .
1	terrible conditions .
1	i had about _num_ bites all over my body !
0	this location had bed bugs and would not refund me .
1	unbelievable .
1	worst hotel i 've ever been to .
1	no way in hell i 'll ever go back .
1	room _num_ i 'll never forget .
1	my 8th day at this place , three more to go .
1	ugh .
1	they also have horrible tv service , wtf ?
1	this is a horrible one .
1	which is why i forgot .
0	that sucked too .
1	instead of getting treatment , i walked out .
1	the hospital looks very old and dirty .
1	horrible doesnt begin to describe it .
0	three year old had an eye emergency .
0	waited _num_ hours to find out he has pink eye .
1	this hospital deserves no stars !
1	i woke up from my injury face down on my bed .
0	they made me i had no right to be there .
0	did n't care about pain .
1	alright i do n't complain about much ... no really !
1	extremely disappointed !
1	they act like they 're doing you a favor by renting to you .
1	enterprise has definitely gone downhill !
1	will i rent from enterprise in the future ?
1	i live _num_ miles from the location .
0	i was treated very poorly by this location and will never use enterprise .
1	i really hate this branch of pita jungle .
1	would vote lower if the option were available .
1	unfortunately , the service is deplorable .
1	the tempe location seems to have a worse track record .
1	sometimes the tuna salad will have _num_ lbs .
1	sometimes the dressing tastes tangy , other times it 's salty .
1	they frequently forget to put the cucumbers in the burrito as well .
1	the bad : time from seating to water was _num_ minutes .
0	soup arrived and entree immediately followed .
1	i like the concept of pita jungle , i have just had better .
0	the pesto pizza was good but nothing to write home about .
1	how tacky .
1	everything else is ok , but why do they do that .
1	it makes it disgusting .
1	i honestly think pita jungle is just mediocre and over priced .
1	furthermore , there is no sausage or bacon on the menu .
1	up until recently i ordered take out _num_ times a week .
1	we will not be going to this location again .
1	very bad experience .
0	ordered spicy chicken wrap and it was so soggy that it just fell apart .
1	i feel bad wasting food but this was not what i imagined at all .
0	however , the manager came back & told me my order was coming up .
1	the food is n't that good to go through all of this hassle .
1	i swear it 's a _num_ minute wait every ... single ... time .
1	avoid this bank if you are in any sort of hurry .
1	only one teller with at least _num_ people in line and building mid morning .
1	no customer service .
1	the wait just to see a teller is always a minimum of _num_ minutes .
1	this is the absolute worst bank location i 've ever been to .
1	showed up on time and that is the only thing positive .
0	ruined my carpet .
0	it 's like it was n't even cleaned .
1	the parking situation is what gets me the worst .
1	what the hell is wrong with these people ?
1	and for the most part crap bands play here .
1	i hate the sound .
1	your sound sucks - seriously sucks .
0	sound still sucked though , as i was told .
1	now we 're best buds and my brother hates me .
1	i was like `` i 'll get by with no problem .
1	certainly not the trash .
1	that would be ridiculous , throwing money away .
1	marquee has none of the above .
1	many bands sound somewhat marginal there because the acoustics are just not very good .
1	if they kick you out , you deserve it !
1	i 've heard better , not often do i hear worse .
1	fuck it .
1	the show was good though , sound is n't too bad .
1	idiots .
1	it is n't that hard .
0	the sound however was not so great .
0	the marquee was all i expected it to be except for the sound .
1	fees , fees , and more fees .
1	ridiculous .
1	drinks - there 's a bar & they do n't separate people under _num_ .
1	fail .
1	been here many times come to think of it too many times .
1	like i 'd want to lie and be this old lol .
1	the marquee in tempe is a joke !
1	do n't wear heels to this place .
1	what is extremely frustrating are the bartenders !
1	this place sucks hard !
1	the marquee sucks .
1	the place just get 's worse and worse .
1	sadly , there is another show tonight that i really want to go to .
1	until this place is under new management , they have lost my business .
1	i will never return no matter how badly i want to see the act .
1	the theater inside is exactly like being at a rave in an abandoned warehouse .
1	i do n't understand how they can not have my will call tickets !
1	the owners are so cheap they never turn the ac on .
0	complaints aside , the place was n't a total wash .
1	gross .
1	bathroom disgusting .
1	gross .
1	parking is crap .
1	i ca n't believe i had to pay for this .
1	you get the full pat down .
1	you need to empty your pockets too .
1	i hate being treated like an animal .
1	alcohol is expensive .
0	i have skipped out on several shows hosted by the marquee .
1	i hate that place and hate giving them my hard earned dollar .
1	the band wo n't start without you because no one ever starts before 9pm .
1	just play it safe and stick with bottled water .
1	however , this place really does suck .
1	the simple reason is that the sound quality is terrible .
1	the sound guy needs to realize this is an enclosed space and adjust accordingly .
1	acoustics are poor as well as the ventilation in the place .
1	she 's not three years old !
0	before last may , i had n't been to the marquee since _num_ .
1	this is the worst venue i have ever been to !
1	_num_ ) security to get in is a little bit of a pain .
1	_num_ ) it 's outrageously expensive to do anything there .
1	tickets come with the worst fees .
1	sodas , beers , drinks , and even water bottles are all overpriced .
0	tickets were $ _num_ and the place was packed .
1	really a shame because this venue could be amazing .
1	terrible lighting .
1	the marquee just plain stinks .
1	sound = terrible .
1	come prepared with unbelievably low expectations , and , you might just enjoy yourself .
1	lame .
1	there is definitely not enough room in that part of the venue .
1	just looked into getting tickets for show here .
1	$ _num_ tickets .
0	_num_ % added on for fees .
1	over $ _num_ to buy them .
1	ridiculous .
1	this place is a ripoff .
1	baseline price when you purchase a ticket is around $ _num_ .
1	no thanks !
1	their phone etiquette is not pleasant .
0	a miserable experience that started before we were even in the parking lot .
1	i do n't like being felt up .
1	but i also am not a jerk .
1	couple of complaints with this place ; bartenders are not friendly .
1	apparently they get very annoyed when you do this .
0	thought we were in tempe not south phoenix ... its really sad too .
0	and what a shock to see that there were no seats .
0	it was a horrible experience ; my worst concert to date .
1	i guess i should 've looked at the venue reviews first .
1	just to find inside that there is no seating anywhere .
1	this standing up for 2-3 hours to see a concert is crap !
1	there is no sound conditioning whatsoever in this place .
1	standing room only .
1	i would not return to this venue .
1	would rate lower than _num_ star if possible .
1	i will not return to that venue !
1	the security is awful at this venue .
1	the sound system is terrible .
1	not worth the money for two simple reasons .
1	terrible .
1	$ _num_ a head to sit on a freakin ' bench ?
0	i was disappointed when they stopped doing it .
1	bottom line - do n't waste your money on vip .
1	the employees are jerks of a special type .
1	what the hell kind of bs is that ?
0	on top of this there was a no picture rule .
1	its the venues , and sometimes the people surrounding them that do n't care .
1	idk how many more words i can come up for just plan sucks .
1	deserves zero stars .
1	horrible horrible .
1	poor customer service .
1	the coffee is reasonably priced , but the food is too expensive .
1	the staff has always been just lukewarm .
1	while i do like the environment here , i really dislike the slow service .
0	my friend 's beef tasted almost like filipino adobo .
1	still do not like the service here .
1	i will not go back again .
0	as we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us .
1	unfortunately , lalibela will have to settle for being 2nd best .
1	more bang for your buck .
1	this is completely unacceptable for any restaurant .
1	lalibela just has about a dozen or so meat and vegetable dishes .
1	went for the meat dishes , not sure how the vegetarian plates are .
1	service is very bad and slow .
0	we had beef , chicken , salad and vegetarian dishes .
1	i hate it .
1	i do not understand why people like this place .
1	it 's not much for `` new york '' style pizza .
1	it 's weird .
1	my boss would n't eat anything else !
1	i would recommend pizza hut over gus 's ... any day .
1	i think our affair with gus is over .
1	the pizza here is horrible .
1	i 'm not sure i can tell the difference .
1	i did n't know pizza could taste this bad .
1	i mean how do u mess up a pizza .
1	people , the pizza here is just plain bad .
1	seriously , i 've had crackers with more flavor .
1	no , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
1	i really should give this place a zero .
1	there are plenty of other pizza joints around that are a million times better .
1	_num_ stars for being there when no one else is .
1	ummm yeah dude why would i order them .
1	then she says they dont do refunds .
0	the crust had much to be desired for a few reasons .
1	probably the worst pizza i have ever had .
0	which made it tolerable .
1	first time trying this place , never again will i give then my business .
1	the wings are small and not worth the money .
1	i wish i would have read these reviews before ordering !
1	thanks but no thanks gus ' .
1	totally unacceptable .
0	anyway , i delivered pizzas for a couple of years a long time ago .
1	what the hell ?
1	tell your staff to slow the heck down when answering a call .
1	i hate to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
1	that 's not the worst part though .
1	i would skip this place .
1	it 's cool how they are _num_ hours !
1	thin and chewy should not go together for pizza crust .
1	the wings ... so sad .
1	i 've had this a few times since .
1	delivery takes forever , customer service is god awful .
1	should never be more than a star .
1	it 's intrusive and extremely annoying .
1	worse customer service ever !
0	everyone was just rude and the pizza was absolutely terrible .
0	it was slimy because of the grease and the dough was undercooked .
1	seriously , do n't waste your money .
1	i would n't recommend it .
1	that 's ridiculous .
1	seriously , that 's how bad their customer service is .
1	im in love with wings , just need to get my fix .
1	not to mention i live less than a mile away .
0	however , my first experience with gus ' was quite negative .
0	the pizza was supposed to be delivered within an hour .
1	apparently that 's wrong .
1	just really bad pizza .
1	they were having the same problems .
0	i chose this place because of rating on yelp .
1	probably could 've gotten a free meal out of it , but oh well .
1	getting a refill was not easy .
1	its the worst i have had here on the east side .
0	it just did n't feel clean .
1	ok , i wo n't make a big deal .
0	he just sat them down .
0	pho was so bland and disappointing .
0	the bowl was small for $ _num_ .
0	beware , you have been warned .
1	the food here sucks .
1	the staff is hit and miss , sometimes friendly sometimes not .
1	- messy .
1	needs some serious training on how to make coffee .
1	ugh .
1	i am all for supporting local businesses , but they need to deserve it .
1	i went there today , and now even that 's dead .
1	they take forever to deliver and when they do , its all wrong .
1	worst customer service ever .
1	wo n't be coming back .
0	never called me back .
1	it 's not a burger destination .
0	and , sadly , we were n't impressed .
1	if you go - maybe stick with the eggs max with chorizo .
1	i do n't see the big deal .
1	also not good .
0	my first bite was cold .
1	i will never go back there because the food is so bad .
1	i have been here twice and both times have been very mediocre at best .
0	just was n't impressed .
1	another $ _num_ .
1	the food is bland and over priced .
1	tempe sure do n't know food !
1	but then again tempe is a strange place .
1	i have had better greasy spoons , much much better .
1	they wo n't split the check .
1	although i used to enjoy coming here the past _num_ times have been terrible .
1	sadly i wont be returning .
1	overall a pretty mediocre experience .
0	finally a lady grabbed a couple menus and just walked away without saying anything .
1	that 's ridiculous !
1	$ _num_ for a couple pieces of french toast !
1	are these people dumb ?
1	i do not understand how this place is still in business .
1	but i would not come here again .
1	were we irritating her or something ?
0	next to the french dip , these were the worst .
1	i do n't like home fries whatsoever .
1	just very dry cut up potatoes .
1	the `` hash brown potatoes '' are not hash browns by any means .
1	very disappointed .
0	i work in the service industry and it was just sad .
0	needless to say , i left .
1	i do n't trust yelp , really losing faith in the reviews .
1	it 's not my business .
1	food is quite pricey ( no surprise here ) .
1	disneyland or the airlines wo n't charge the first year of life .
1	very disappointing first experience !
0	a couple in particular were super nice , hence _num_ stars and not _num_ .
1	one would assume that my season passes would cover the promotion .
1	we 've been here to play miniature golf multiple times .
1	over $ _num_ for _num_ holes is ridiculous .
1	it is sad because this place used to be great .
1	an hour later i received a text stating it was ready for pick up .
1	walgreens , my advice to you is to learn how to staff correctly .
1	not worth the frustration .
0	tried to get a rx filled at this location .
1	but it 's shoddy that runs through .
1	so i 'm done .
1	poor service , quality and price .
0	this was it , i was never going back .
0	no refund given , no call returned from management .
0	the other person waiting in line turned around and left at this point .
1	eh , is really all i have to say .
1	well their selection is n't too bad ... .
1	next to trails , this place charges too much for their hookah merchandise .
1	i know their rent may be high , but their prices are like stupid .
1	never again will i buy anything at this store .
1	why the _num_ star review ?
0	it was all right , nothing to write home about .
1	the mixed drinks are horrible !
1	oregano 's is nothing special .
1	could n't tell you his name because he never introduced himself .
1	i am so sad .
0	it also tasted like cardboard , the finest cardboard in tempe .
0	last week i celebrated another one my birthday with _num_ of my friends .
1	now i remember why i do n't come here .
1	i just think there is better out there .
0	about _num_ minutes passes , no beer , by then my wine was gone .
1	and our order should have went in at _num_ .
1	i do n't complain unless it 's reasonable enough to complain .
0	so , we went elsewhere .
1	_num_ of us are .
1	_num_ minutes after they seat those _num_ people , _num_ more people join them .
0	about _num_ minutes later we were seated .
0	we sat down and ordered cheesy garlic bread to start .
0	the sauce was watery and flavorless .
1	very disappointed , heard good things .
0	walked by _num_ employees on the way in and no one said hi .
1	so lame !
1	f this place !
0	tonight i came into join some friends for a meal .
0	it took them _num_ minutes to get a beer at the bar .
1	it 's a monday and it 's not packed at all .
0	it was a little awkward to say the least .
1	cold , bland , terrible pizza .
1	very disappointing .
1	will not be back and i recommend no one else go there .
1	do n't settle for this bs .
1	( ( thoughts - from who the dd ice fairly ?
0	_num_ stars because the coffee and doughnuts were still yummy .
1	i stood at the register just wanting to get one donut .
1	they look miserable behind the counter instead of happy to accomodate their customers .
1	the store is disorganized and confusing and as i mentioned above , too small .
1	warning : horrible service do not come here !
1	this location does n't even deserve one star !
1	extremely unnecessary !
1	this one is close to my house but it is n't my favorite location .
0	was not a good example of the country inn and suite standard .
1	we probably get pizza from here once or twice a month .
1	their customer service stinks !
1	it has never operated right , and parts continue to fall off .
1	i am dropping another $ _num_ to repair it this week .
1	i do n't want to spend too much time on this restaurant .
1	too salty !
1	too dry and too salty .
0	oh and it was really hard to find .
0	which i had no problem with .
1	my blood may be rare , but so is my patience .
1	wrong .
1	that 's not the norm though .
1	even their bar food misses the mark .
1	the security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
1	we are only _num_ years old .
1	at $ _num_ , they should throw in breakfast .
1	the room is ok , just ok , not offensive , nothing special .
0	used the bar , got a complimentary drink , completely lacking atmosphere .
1	also , walls are paper thin !
1	if you are _num_ years old though , this place would be awesome .
1	i would book your stay elsewhere .
1	nothing special .
1	$ _num_ for two copies .
1	why do you have to be so pissed off looking ?
0	about _num_ % of the time , my directions were n't followed .
0	they waited _num_ hours and _num_ minutes to call us and tell us .
1	do n't waste your time asking them to come help .
1	worst customer service i 've even encountered !
1	the food here is only mediocre in my opinion .
1	good : cheap drinks !
1	horrible .
0	it was pretty dead inside , which we were ok with .
0	to find a chip with cheese or refried beans on it was very rare .
0	he replied that regardless , i parked walked inside and then walked out .
0	needless to say my friends and i took our money elsewhere for the evening .
1	zero stars if possible .
1	i repeat do not rent here .
1	so far , i 've lived here six months , no big problems really .
1	the management does n't care about your living situations and are so disrespectful .
1	wo n't recommend to anyone .
1	i 'd give this a zero if i could .
1	poor customer service , decent at best smoothies .
1	i will not be coming to this location any longer !
1	everything in their store is 2-3 times regular price or online .
1	complete idiot .
1	it 's the most mediocre pizza i 've had in a while .
1	the spaghetti and meatballs looked something out of a can .
1	the veggie was better tasting than the pepperoni and i 'm not a vegetarian .
1	make jokes after you give me everything i 'm there for .
1	at this point , would suggest spinato 's or even mellow mushroom first .
0	except no one wanted it .
1	pathetic .
1	however , there would not be any manager on shift until tomorrow afternoon .
1	so far , we have been unable to resolve this in a reasonable way .
1	this is the only restaurant i have watched someone get sick in .
1	it is busy all night .
0	it just was n't anything i was super amazed about .
0	the prices were very high for such low quality .
0	then i ordered a burrito , which came with rice and beans .
0	the burrito was ok , as were the rice and beans .
1	very annoying .
0	we actually had to get up and poke our head in the kitchen .
1	rates are in the sky and management not great at all .
0	you even stated that no matching shorts were required .
1	, i repeat ... do not move in here !
1	two scorpions during our stay ( the little bark ones , yikes ! )
1	but i ca n't do that every issue can i ?
1	i am so not lying !
1	this place is downright awful .
0	the bartenders were extremely rude and unfriendly .
0	the disappointment came from the quality of food .
0	when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
1	but , i could n't even keep this promise to myself .
0	indian spices were not strong enough ; just chicken in a red sauce .
0	the tandoori roti was good as was the complementary yogurt sauce .
1	the buffet is now one of the worst indian buffets in town .
1	this is the worst hotel i have seen here which has this bad service .
0	i had a bad experience with the service of the place .
1	in addition , the hotel staff was also not polite while talking .
1	no salt or indian flavor in anything .
0	i ordered takeout tikka masala and it was horrible .
1	also in a very bad area .
1	i had an awful experience and i would n't recommend you go here .
0	the food was bland ordinary , felt stale and uninspired .
0	we were charged $ _num_ !
0	i ordered a tandoori meal combo and was stupid enough to not check it .
1	i 'm really disappointed .
1	would n't be a big deal except the rice is _num_ $ each .
1	no courtesy and their food is pathetic .
1	will not be coming back here anymore .
0	first , we waited over _num_ min for pickup .
0	it tasted like canned tomato soup .
1	this is the worst restaurant i have visited so far .
1	ridiculous place .
1	does n't matter how the food is .
1	i would love to put zero stars .
1	should you have a similar experience contact your hr department or safety coordinator .
1	they always find a way to screw up our paperwork .
1	just not good but i 've had worse .
1	but this is by far the worst one i have ever been to .
1	absolutely absurd !
1	worst experience at a whataburger ever .
0	he made absolutely no sense .
1	tasted really old , i could n't believe it .
0	the woman who answered the phone was really awful .
0	anyway , the bill was higher than i expected but that was fine .
1	super inconsistent ratings , best approach is just try stuff .
0	but the staff at this gym were extremely rude and impatient !
1	no anything ?
1	maybe this is explained somewhere on the site , but not clearly .
1	the dead walk amongst us .
1	i can only give this company _num_ star based on their disappointing costumer service .
1	she says 3-4 weeks out to schedule .
0	they remained there for our entire meal , which was pretty disturbing .
1	i too experienced the crunchy rice .
1	so in short , horrible location , horrible food , horrible ambience .
1	the biltmore does n't even charge these prices .
1	it is pathetic place .
0	all food was stale .
1	pathetic place , worst food .
0	the mango lassi was too sweet too .
0	there was no spice or taste .
0	the groupon was for _num_ , _num_ or _num_ people .
0	the food seemed like leftovers from lunch .
1	very basic & overall , tasteless .
1	that 's not what you said to me on the phone .
1	extra $ _num_ is nothing to write about at all .
1	no big deal .
1	i cook better indian food at home .
1	$ _num_ means nothing .
1	you do n't promise something & then do something else when we get there .
1	none of the curries taste like curry .
1	it all taste like chicken and gravy .
0	they all tasted the same , with different things in them .
0	my husband and i were not impressed .
1	i would recommend india oven ( gilbert rd and southern ) .
1	plain awful food .
1	water works for me !
1	there 's plenty of indian restaurants in the area .
1	sorry , we wo n't be back to this one anymore .
1	i went here once or twice , but there are so many better places .
1	ha !
0	my favorite dish had its own sign but nothing was there in its place .
0	after the show was over , our waitress came by with our bill .
1	either way , it was really annoying .
1	strike _num_ .
1	strike _num_ .
0	the chairs were very close together and a foot behind me was another party .
1	strike _num_ .
1	not so !
0	i only wish there was a manager i could have spoken too .
1	as an arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years .
0	it was n't funny at all .
1	i have to say that i was really disappointed for a few reasons .
0	it was thin and watered down tasting .
1	there 's nothing more entertaining than a night out with friends laughing .
0	it was a whole lot better than the ridiculous attempt at a cosmo though .
0	like i said before , the comedy was the only good factor .
1	any of us and we all get emails and text updates from them regularly .
1	that is unacceptable service and we will not be coming back to this establishment .
1	just bland and awful .
1	that should be criminal .
1	too bad their prices do n't reflect that intimate small club feel .
1	it anyways has been there on weekends .
1	not comfortable and kind of ridiculous given the number of people waiting .
1	so , i get it .
1	$ _num_ for an iced tea is absurd .
1	the girls at will call seem very confused .
1	i do n't understand why that 's such a big deal anyway .
1	this club needs to find a new staff to handle the tickets .
1	one of my least favorite comedy clubs for this reason .
0	and the bottled water was $ _num_ .
0	to make matters worse , we were `` checked '' as we left early .
1	i think the remodel is great .
0	and trust , i was in need of a beer or _num_ .
1	ps they charge a _num_ % gratuity no matter what .
1	we will come back for the comedy but not for the food or drinks .
1	fifty dollars for what ?
0	we went tonight because we got discounted tickets , _num_ for each .
0	little did we know , those _num_ drinks came up to fifty dollars .
1	_num_ drinks .
1	for _num_ dollars .
0	they charged him $ _num_ for a crap bottle of wine .
1	something you could grab at the local gas station for _num_ .
1	they wo n't count it .
1	this is a negative review warning people that they auto gratuity your check .
1	audio on the 2nd floor was challenging at best .
1	three of our party ended up ordering bottomless sodas to satisfy the minimum .
1	not even shitty domestic beer .
1	the experience just is n't enjoyable enough to warrant it .
1	the best word for this place is sleazy .
1	your way through people to find the exit to get out .
1	it does not take that long to cook sliders !
1	the prices are not worth it .
1	do n't even have words for what went down at improv tonight .
1	not even close .
1	i am on the vip member list and sometimes get offered free tickets .
1	i probably wo n't be back to tempe improv unless i get free tickets .
1	it 's reasons like this that comedy clubs get a bad wrap .
1	unfortunately for us they somehow managed to over book the valentines package .
1	aside from the talent the service is pretty bad .
1	worst experience i have ever had in any type of show .
1	honestly , i do n't mind the extremely expensive drinks at all .
0	the balcony was being seated the same time as downstairs .
1	the cookies and brownies get _num_ stars on their own .
1	the meats are not very high quality in flavor or texture .
1	this place sucks in comparison to most .
1	not my kind of place .
0	went today to pick up a to-go order and was very disappointed .
1	nothing about the italian sandwich is italian .
0	it was gross .
0	i hate to say it but i was so disappointed .
1	_num_ minutes later got an email that my order is ready .
1	i 'm never coming back again for lunch .
1	i 'd rather be stuffed in a trunk .
1	yes , it gets worse .
1	can you make sure i get the tab ?
1	i doubt i 'll go back .
1	it 's not my scene .
1	in the past i 've never really had any problems with service .
0	walked up mill and heard about this place , decided to try it out .
1	i guess only the employees can dress in skimpy attire .
1	if out on mill , i 'll stick to rula bula .
1	so why only _num_ stars ?
1	no women customers was interesting .
1	( yes , i really said that , i know ... ) .
1	so i called about 3pm to find out what time he goes on .
1	me : can you get me someone who can find out ?
1	she does n't say anything and just walks away .
1	pushing _num_ 's door down .
0	i tried two appetizers - both were not good and both overpriced .
1	my recommendation would be - do n't eat here .
0	he was rude and did not deserve our service .
0	i had the grilled cheese and it was hard and dry !
1	i will not be going back !
1	terrible food .
1	not sure and i do n't care !
1	an embarrassment to the irish bar name .
1	horrible .
1	terrible drinks .
1	rude bartenders .
1	horrible , horrible place ... ... rude management , lazy bartenders , stupid servers .
1	the food is just ok .
1	sorry , rula bula .
1	worst experience ever !
1	fail .
1	i think i 'll stick to drinks only from now on .
0	the bartenders used to be awesome and personable .
0	the waitress very rudely asked me to leave .
1	terrible !
1	of course , i have a problem with it .
0	we probably ordered our food about _num_ minutes after we had all been seated .
1	not after today .
1	you do n't play irish music .
0	love it there but unfortunately last saturday was not a good experience .
0	they took our reservation -- no problem .
1	the cover is $ _num_ .
0	and the guy was so rude .
0	but he was n't worth another minute of my life .
1	sitting at rula bula for the last time .
1	but why is everything on their menu a mock of regular , meaty foods ?
1	in smaller amounts it would probably have tasted fine .
1	no thanks .
1	overall , i 've made better vegan food at home .
1	everything we ate , we could get better elsewhere .
0	they were positively mushy inside , and had both hot and cold spots .
1	very disappointed .
1	now do n't get me wrong i go vegetarian all the time at restaurants .
1	i will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have .
1	if you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or ethiopian places .
1	( do n't worry , i will not be back . )
1	not worth $ _num_ , but good .
1	do not leave for hours !
1	unacceptable .
1	being late , being stupid , and being wrong ?
1	i wo n't be going back .
0	i tried a bite .
1	that 's the only reason the rating is so low .
1	why get rid of it ?
1	i ordered something that is n't on the on-line menu .
1	it was , i have to say , really unpleasant .
1	if you 're a vegetarian , you 'd do better to eat at lalibela .
1	you hurt my feelings .
0	whats on the menu now is nothing compared to what it used to be .
1	however , after eating here for some time i had to stop .
1	no texture , just a mushy mess .
0	they still failed .
1	do n't know why this place has so much hype .
1	horrible service .
0	for $ _num_ a bowl , it was definitely a disappointing meal .
1	i really should 've given the dish back .
0	it was hard to eat it was so bland .
1	the parking is awful .
1	no pork tacos and no chai tea .
1	disappointed in the direction they are going .
1	i think they should get more friendly people and work on their consistency .
1	if it was literally half the price this would be a 3-4 star review .
1	_num_ stars .
1	the texture is all off .
1	all the real people i know seem to agree : it 's shit .
1	im not a vegetarian so take this review with a grain of salt .
1	do your research on soy before getting too excited .
1	nothing fancy nor exceptional ... .
1	my $ _num_ bucks would have gone much further elsewhere .
0	the flavor was lacking and so was the sauce .
1	i want subtle garlic as i would like to taste other flavors .
0	tonight i lost all respect for this company .
1	will not be returning as the prices can not justify the service and quantity .
1	it tells me that i need to go elsewhere for better customer service .
1	very unprofessional , with little to no knowledge of what customer service is .
1	you ca n't estimate when a project will get done ?
0	portions were a little small and the service was meh !
0	there were only about three or four tables with customers .
1	do n't you want my money to do good ?
1	assistance is not what i got .
1	i kinda wish i had , i might of gotten nicer service .
1	you can buy a brand new bike at walmart for $ _num_ .
1	there is a goodwill located just down the street ( south ) .
0	i arrived on friday shortly before 2pm and wanted to check in early .
0	okay , my room was n't ready yet , no big deal .
1	not exactly the best nights sleep is guaranteed here either .
0	the guy at the front desk was cold and unfriendly .
1	not having that money made our trip back home very difficult .
1	not to mention the stains on the mattress and box spring - so gross .
1	we needed a room asap , so we could shower and get ready .
1	we need to get ready for a wedding .
0	( it was 1am , had no other choice but to stay . )
1	and now that leaves me writing this review .
1	and i 'll probably request a refund for this night as well .
1	but i mean it 's a motel _num_ .
1	i think it goes without saying , we wo n't be staying there again .
1	how is that non smoking motel _num_ !
1	not good at all .
1	i will not be staying here .
1	he doesnt seem to care what breaks in the place .
1	this is the worst place ive ever been to .
1	i would n't even recommend these apartments to my worst enemy !
1	it often does not pass .
0	it has regularly been closed down by maricopa county dept .
1	you suck , real bad .
0	thank god i did n't eat a cheesesteak !
1	no more .
1	next time , ask me for my id .
1	unless your _num_ or older you should avoid this place .
0	only went as long as i did because it was walking distance .
1	she is the worst very rude .
1	you are horrible at your job and do n't know how to handle people .
0	food was ok nothing special .
0	i truly believe waitress was racist for us being brown .
1	all in all , my cheesesteak was filling , but not very satisfying .
0	my lunch overall , was just so-so .
1	no more .
1	charging a cover on a random saturday night .
0	this company lost one of my items and promised to replace it .
1	this place has zero customer service .
1	these guys are horrible .
1	this is just nasty .
1	it said it opens at _num_ .
0	then i checked the yelp reviews and yelp said they open at _num_ .
1	he told me it opens at _num_ .
0	he was actually very rude to me then drove away in his golf cart .
1	he does not care about the customer , customer satisfaction or his job .
1	but there is also a reason why i suppose .
1	i wo n't be back .
1	the park is not well managed .
1	about half of the slides require the use of an inner tube .
0	the park was extremely over crowded .
1	people pay good money only to have them stolen !
0	very sad to see whats happened to this place .
1	not much there .
1	not good customer service , we will not be back .
0	so bizarre , so i politely asked him why ?
1	this place is the worst place we have ever been to .
0	i was so scared we rushed out the park and went to urgent care .
1	highly disappointed !
1	big surf , more like big mistake .
1	slides are mediocre .
1	bathrooms were disgusting .
1	i would have rather stayed home and sat in the bathtub .
1	i am beyond disappointed .
1	they want you to pay $ _num_ for a hamburger !
0	most slides were simple and boring .
1	i would not even pay $ _num_ to go here .
1	the bathrooms are a mess and they dont have changing stalls .
1	could n't stand it any longer .
1	warning !
1	wrong .
0	the food was way over priced , and not that great .
1	sesame seeds in an italian restaurant ?
1	the decor is a bit old school and the music is down right annoying .
1	eh , not a fan .
1	not terrible but nothing standout .
1	reminiscent of my chain steakhouse server days .
1	but , alas , no such luck if the dining area is closed !
0	but , we never did get to try that pizza !
1	i could have put them together in _num_ large bite .
1	how the hell does a staple end up in an appetizer ?
1	# _num_ ) so overpriced .
1	my boyfriend and i dined in the bar so we could watch college football .
1	not a good experience tonight .
0	on a saturday night at 7:00 pm , this place was out of manicotti .
0	when we were seated and we ordered , they brought out the bread .
1	do n't start by saying you have $ _num_ wine .
1	tomato sauce no seasoning awful .
1	this place is by far the worst nail salon i have ever been to .
0	i went back _num_ times after that and was given different excuses each time .
1	no thanks .
1	just say you 're appointment only , or hire more people .
0	i did gave two starts because the people are very courteous .
0	found out i could get the same job done for just over $ _num_ .
1	they really could care less to have you as a customer .
1	so today i ended my membership and will not be going back !
1	i am extremely displeased and disappointed .
1	if you want to be robbed go to gammage .
0	i signed the voucher for $ _num_ for _num_ tickets `` on sale '' .
1	they also allow people in late , which is a big theater no no .
1	keep in mind , however , that avenue q comes with a traveling cast .
1	of course , they do n't tell you this when you get your tickets .
1	this just makes me so mad !
0	i was not impressed in the least with my seating .
1	the levels are usually off .
1	note to gammage - immediately do a renovation on the bathrooms !
1	the building itself is where the problem comes in !
1	just guess the lines .
1	the venue is in bad need of a thorough renovation .
0	we were in the second row and the audio was terrible .
1	big mistake .
1	i doubt handicapped people want to walk across an entire parking lot !
1	it took away from the show and that is unfortunate .
1	sound system - the acoustics here are terrible !
0	the show dragged on .
1	poor frank would probably be disappointed in the dirty orange carpeting too .
1	once you arrive , parking often takes _num_ minutes or more .
0	how sad that $ _num_ million dollars was wasted !
0	the sound quality was poor even though they supposedly upgraded the system .
1	they should not charge so much for sub-par seats .
1	however , gammage is a poor venue and badly needs updating .
1	the acoustics are poor .
1	the carpets are worn , etc .
1	it would be a shame not to .
1	uh , no .
1	so i always show up _num_ minutes early .
1	and here 's the absolute worst -- there 's no bathrooms .
1	terrible design .
1	drinks prices are average .
1	however , how does that concern me ?
1	cue club is n't what it is all hyped up to be .
1	alright , i 'm being too harsh on this place .
1	never coming back they will ruin your night !
1	i do n't tolerate any level of disrespect from any establishment .
0	we went there with high hopes & but got disappointment .
1	it is way overpriced ( compare to what they serve !
1	bad service .
1	cold food .
0	totally not recommended restaurant .
1	waste of mood .
1	waste of time .
1	waste of money .
1	it is quite expensive too for what you get .
1	not going back .
1	rude service .
0	there was confusion about chicken combo vs. chicken .
1	rude comments throughout dinner .
0	food was good but not good enough to be treated poorly .
0	the chicken and beef were ok , yet the lamb was literally inedible .
0	the only good thing was the fire roasted tomato and the beef kebab .
0	this used to be one of my favorite places on mill .
1	new owner , i heard - but i do n't know the details .
1	so sad .
0	the sandwich was $ _num_ .
1	are you kidding me ?
1	such ... a ... disappointment .
0	it was low quality , high calorie and not very subtle .
0	rosita 's was a real disappointment .
0	i went with the burrito and taco lunch special ; everything i was craving .
0	unfortunately , rosita 's had none to offer .
1	tonight is saturday and we were the only _num_ people in there ?
0	yet , our server was below average ... way below .
1	this place is ridiculous .
0	the only mexican thing about this place was the music .
0	it was brutal .
1	there are better restaurants just a few minutes away .
1	it seems to be the only trick the kitchen knows !
1	nothing special .
1	the hot sauce is just not good .
1	if i could have a negative star i would !
1	are u kidding me ?
1	rip off !
1	i probably would n't come back .
1	the chips are usually a bit stale .
1	ten minutes to take an order is ridiculous .
1	the tacos were $ _num_ a piece , and we 're tiny !
0	the chips that came with our order were completely stale and chewy .
0	the server did n't seem like he even wanted to be there .
0	when it arrived i was so disappointed .
1	avoid .
1	avoid .
0	i complained , but nobody seemed to care .
0	cant understand why there were so many customers there .
1	no discount or offer to clean my outfit .
1	the quality of service and food is not what it used to be .
1	management does not seem to care .
0	however , went to eat there this weekend and it was truly awful .
0	this was on a saturday evening at _num_ pm but this place was dead .
1	otherwise it would have been _num_ !
1	ranks 3rd out of the _num_ we have used .
1	i could have just smoked my hookah at home .
1	if i could give this place a zero i would .
1	i have never been so disgusted to sit down in a place .
1	save your money and your health and go down the street .
1	very rude cashier named angela , i believe .
1	now , read on for the negative comments .
0	i was very wrong .
1	lastly , the breakfast is over-priced .
1	so all of the things i look for in a hotel - failed .
1	i would give it a _num_ based on location and decor .
0	needless to say , i was a wreck the next morning for my meeting .
1	horrible !
1	so not too bad .
1	the air conditioning unit in the room is old and noisy .
1	bad service .
1	bad attitude .
1	for no solid reason .
1	apparently these businesses are too busy to respond to emails requesting an estimate .
1	i 'm not sure when the standards for chinese food became so lax .
1	come on , mr. hunan , this is the southwest !
1	sadly i think even pei wei has more flavor .
0	if they had handled it better , i would still go back there .
1	horrible customer service .
0	there was no one in the restaurant .
1	holy god this is _num_ !
1	oh did , i mention i do n't eat pork our red meat .
0	another hour passes by , i called again - the line was busy .
1	incredibly disappointing service .
1	the food is just not good enough for such poor service .
1	i 'll be trying new chinese restaurants from now on .
1	mr. hunan why did you have to fail me ?
1	customer service : _num_ star .
1	speed : _num_ star .
1	gross .
1	i also felt terrible after i ate them .
1	overall disappointed and will definitely be trying somebody else next time .
0	but this was almost inedible .
1	i hate bad customer service .
0	the shrimp fried rice was not nice .
0	it was a little difficult to communicate my order .
1	but downhill from there !
0	the chicken was the worst quality of chicken i 've ever been served anywhere !
0	disappointed .
0	after a few bites , we threw the entire dinner away .
1	occasionally , the chicken arrives overcooked and dry .
1	however , there is nothing particularly outstanding about it , either .
1	i agree with everyone who says that the onions are way too salty .
1	the beans are pretty bad actually , as is the salsa .
0	unfortunately , i was disappointed with this fish store on several levels .
0	second , and more importantly , no one ever offered to help me .
0	he went into the back several times and never really offered help .
1	avoid this place at all costs .
1	_num_ stars - i 've experienced better , many times .
0	nothing was horrible .
1	this place was unfortunately not all that amazing .
0	i got the combination plate and everything on it was pretty mediocre .
1	you can get better gyros at many other places in the valley .
1	there is no personality to this part of the store at all .
1	hard to say .
1	i 've had better and i 've had worse .
1	so i found this little market place serving mediterranean food .
0	so $ _num_ off the tab was the only option they given me.
1	i would not go back for sure .
1	for me it 's just okay .
1	i just feel that the food here is mediocre .
1	all bland .
0	not impressed at all .
1	lamb tongue ( chewy and horrible ! )
0	unfortunately , i ordered the lamb tongue and only had one bite .
0	my family and i had an awful experience here tonight .
1	gross !
1	thinking back some of the cooks had no hair cover .
1	i will not be back to haji baba .
1	worst of all , this place should be called the dirty baba .
1	i am never going here again .
1	not happy at all , and wo n't be back .
1	not good !
1	besides , this is not even persian from reading the menu .
0	waited _num_ minutes for my food .
1	arrogant people , skip it , go somewhere else for authentic persian food .
1	i wish she would have walked out too .
1	great for people watching , but unfortunately their pizza is pretty weak .
1	i do n't get the crust .
1	it is similar to the crust used at peter piper pizza from childhood .
1	for what you get , it seems a little over priced .
1	sure , but we 're not .
0	no star granted .
1	stars _num_ and _num_ : how was the food ?
1	it did n't make me sick , so i suppose that 's a positive .
1	star _num_ : would you eat here every day if you could ?
1	i probably wo n't be back .
1	lukewarm pizza under heating lamps that is dried out and extremely overpriced !
1	_num_ slices and tap water for $ _num_ w tax .
0	the pizza was n't very good and was bland .
0	the staff was n't helpful or friendly .
1	however , not all pizzas are offered till 3am .
1	very disappointed .
1	crappy music they torture me with .
0	the evening started out slow .
0	the dry rice was under done and again had the overpowering lemon .
0	sadly , the only decent main dish was my son 's spaghetti and meatballs .
1	the bad news ?
1	it looks like most reviewers gave stars for how cheap the food is .
0	service was terrible .
0	one girl had a huge rat on her shoulder and it was beyond disgusting .
0	went there for a lunch recently , and was somewhat disappointed .
1	so ridiculous !
0	the food was decent , nothing to get overly excited about .
1	we will not be going back !
1	how can you mess up a greek salad too ?
1	i wo n't be back anytime soon , but glad i got to go .
1	the venue looks nice , was clean , and a little bit confusing .
1	the food is generally very dry and does n't seem very fresh .
0	there was not a lot of tzatziki sauce so it was kinda dry .
1	sat there for _num_ minutes before getting up and leaving .
1	the water at this venue is terrible .
1	not sure i can go back with all the choices around there .
0	the service was good , but all of the food i had was lacking .
1	i wo n't be back .
0	then it took forever to get my check .
1	most unfortunate indeed .
1	the pita bread is fluffy and soft with a mild flavor .
1	the gyro is dry and off putting .
0	the salmon i ordered was raw and fishy in flavor .
1	so what 's wrong ?
0	i was pretty disappointed , but it was free .
0	then i checked amazon and they were $ _num_ .
1	ugh these guys are a rip off .
1	if i could give it negative stars i would .
0	so over the top pissed off at the management here .
1	there are not words to describe how completely horrible this place is .
1	maria the manager is a horrible person .
1	please do not rent from these people .
0	she was very rude .
1	the office staff will flat out lie to you .
1	run far away from this place .
1	no apology , no words at all , from the waiter .
1	surprisingly the worst mexican food i 've ever had .
0	i finished off the meal with sopapillas that were really tasty .
0	the service was poor ( slow , order came out wrong ) .
1	all show , no delicious burrito .
0	chimichanga was the best dish i sampled , but it was not impressive .
0	they tasted ok ... not much of a drink special .
1	i grew up on authentic and traditional mexican food , macayo 's is neither .
1	horrible , horrible food .
0	when we arrived _num_ % of the restaurant was full .
1	then another _num_ goes by and the food comes out , fairly quickly .
1	bad decision .
1	note to macayo 's : enchilada sauce should be red not orange .
1	this place makes me hate mexican food .
1	attention , general manager ... ... you have a problem .
1	gross food .
1	bad service .
1	worst happy hour .
1	$ _num_ beer , a party atmosphere and free food during happy hour .
1	its really difficult to have a conversation .
1	no bueno .
0	in short , he sucked .
1	wo n't be going back .
0	i recently ate here with my old boss from many years ago .
1	i only end up there for convenience ... apparently the service staff thinks differently .
0	our server was nice but not very informed or attentive .
1	do not go there for the free buffet there is a reason its free .
1	dont make the same mistake !
1	it 's never my choice .
1	service sucks and they are dishonest .
0	i did not pick this place , met some people there that picked it .
1	on its best day this place is mediocre .
1	if he waits on you , be prepared to wait on him .
1	to say food was horrible is being kind .
1	their meat is horrible .
1	so why _num_ stars and not _num_ ?
0	i had not been to a macayo 's in at least three years .
1	first bad sign .
1	do n't know how that even happens .
0	the chips and salsa were just okay .
1	mediocre at best .
1	the red enchilada sauce tastes generic and too heavy .
1	will not be back here .
1	i dunno , i do n't really pay attention , ha sorry . ''
1	then they went back to talking to each other before i could respond .
1	no thanks .
0	all together , about $ _num_ overcharged !
0	* shark tacos - i thought the shark meat gave an interesting twist .
1	rice and beans makes a bland burrito .
1	well , it 's mighty hard to mess up nachos .
1	i probably wo n't come back .
1	gross .
0	again , guac was gummy with a strange taste .
1	needless to say i wo n't be back .
1	so disappointed !
1	mediocre mexican food !
0	i ordered two enchiladas , and all rice , no beans .
1	bad move on the part of the restaurant .
1	this restaurant is extremely poorly managed -- - double charge ?
1	i 'm sure it will be a meal that you never forget !
1	we will not be back !
1	i do n't blame our server really .
1	now , i feel like i 'm going to a funeral that has food .
1	the food has become drab .
0	we are convinced it was the lettuce and poor hygiene from the kitchen staff .
1	instead of the waitress apologizing she just disappeared !
0	hate that we wasted so much money there with our group .
0	nothing had any flavor at all !
1	the management response to this review will not change our minds .
1	this is the worst mexican food i have ever eaten !
1	the management response to this review will not change our minds .
1	quite disappointed .
1	not good enough for me , we will never go back there again !
1	extremely disappointed .
1	poor bar staff to say the least .
1	they cost me around $ _num_ .
1	am told it will take _num_ minutes .
1	no sign of it .
1	after contacting her for the second time , she refused to provide a refund .
1	when i am setting up for my first shoot my lens just falls off .
1	terrible service and extremely unfriendly .
1	ridiculous .
1	he was challenging and not at all helpful .
1	terrible customer service .
1	after shooting with it for one day the camera i was trying out broke .
0	unfortunately , the customer service was lackluster and left much to be desired .
1	not in the actual tempe camera building , but next door .
1	overall in image quality , very poor .
1	_num_ ) nicer customer service .
0	brought in two camera lenses to have them repaired and cleaned .
1	seriously not worth giving your business to .
1	however when you go to pay , you can pay separately .
0	to sum it up it was a sub par experience at least for me .
1	worst service i think i 've ever received .
1	i feel bad for the owners of such an awful establishment .
0	in terms of taste however , he said that it was okay .
0	it took forever to get drink refills , salsa for our chips , etc .
1	worst service we have ever experienced .
1	we walked out and will never be back again .
1	things happen , the place did n't look dirty .
1	charging for a second serving of chips or any salsa with entrees .
0	rice was dry as well as the tamale .
1	disgusting .
1	nice little place but rude staff .
1	i will not be returning .
1	but after two tries i will look elsewhere .
0	took my car in to diagnose leak in my a/c system .
0	had previously had some repairs done and the problem was still not fixed .
0	i sat there for _num_ hours .
1	_num_ hours !
1	what a rude staff !
1	rude rude rude !
1	i avoid this store from now on .
1	putting a much more sour taste than the coffee in my mouth .
1	if i could give a _num_ i would .
1	i guess starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
1	the scottsdale waterfront location is even worse .
1	false advertisement at its best urban .
0	i was charged additionally for each of my _num_ dogs .
1	the surrounding area is not the best part of town .
1	some rough looking young people .
0	i was there _num_ night .
1	the service is incredibly rude and unprofessional .
1	avoid at all costs !
1	i do n't see what the issue is .
0	i explained i couldnt as my husband was at work with our truck .
0	she was very rude and upset as if this was my fault .
1	i can see that they are n't full as she claimed they would be .
1	woman who answers the phone having a bad life .
1	i ask her why she asked and she refuses my reservation !
1	worst customer service ever !
1	the sales people here are terrible .
1	i can not wait to see this business fail due to the economy .
1	but that no one would help me get the fabric .
1	this place is a mess .
0	indeed , there was history in this restaurant and on the walls .
0	ok i did not get sick + _num_ hours from lunch .
1	but ... personality does not a good chinese restaurant make .
1	it is not really brown rice .
1	it is white rice made to look brown by adding soy sauce .
1	awful , awful , awful !
1	atmosphere not great either .
0	i 've tried _num_ different dishes and they all were below average at best .
1	the place is pretty busy , which seemed like a good sign .
1	terrible .
1	that takes them _num_ minutes to make .
0	and she gave me _num_ more pairs .
1	first time here , but never to return .
0	was told it would be ready in _num_ minutes .
1	so disappointed .
1	worst chinese food i 've ever had .
0	so disappointing , at least it was cheap .
1	yet i 've had _num_ times better chinese food around the same price .
1	chinese food in tempe is weak , i will not be coming back here .
1	so i said i guess i can go without dinner tonight .
0	the main dishes were covered in what seem like oil and salt .
1	not good , i would never go back .
1	luckily , it 's still under warranty so it will be fixed .
1	and if you ca n't , then your rent could be late .
1	maintenance does not fix anything correctly and the management do n't care .
1	a bowl of onions with _num_ meatballs !
1	sure , no problem .
0	jacob 's burro was not too bad .
0	the chicken was lukewarm and really funky tasting .
1	all in all , a pretty unpleasant experience .
0	we got there and had to wait around _num_ minutes for a table .
1	what a nightmare !
1	how long was the meat sitting ?
1	it seems like a hit or miss kinda restaurant .
1	this place saw me coming a mile away .
0	my car was n't starting and i was desperate for a fix .
0	they then told me the fuel pump was broken and needed to be replaced .
0	so i spent another $ _num_ on that .
1	me : this bill would total close to $ _num_ .
0	well they may have dropped the fuel tank and washed it .
1	shame on me for not doing my research on the price .
1	i know why they have _num_ stars , just because customer service .
1	the mechanics are very amateur as usual .
1	i could not have been more wrong .
0	nothing covered under warranty ... $ _num_ .
1	wo n't be returning to get robbed again in the future .
1	as i stated above , i find this place disgusting .
1	get all quotes in writing !
0	they next day the price they quoted me was different yet again .
1	not really a deal , and poor selection .
0	the employee appeared to stop the swing before it hit the guy .
0	obviously never went back here .
1	besides being ridiculously rude , they have very inflated prices .
1	looks like i 'm breaking the trend of five-star reviews .
0	staff behind the deli counter were super nice and efficient !
1	love this place !
1	the new yorker was amazing .
1	very ny style italian deli .
1	great choice -- -- i 'll be back !
1	the food was amazing !
1	authentic new york and italy style .
1	cannoli were amazing .
1	this place is a gem .
1	eat in and take home everything .
1	also lots of groceries to take home with you .
1	great people great place !
0	it was light with right balance of flavors .
1	service is always first rate .
1	the meat is so flavorful and goes perfect with the spicy mustard .
1	also everyone there is super friendly !
1	this place beyond rocks !
1	great quality meats and bread .
1	will definitely recommend this place and come back when i come back to phoenix .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	one of the best service experiences i 've ever had .
1	the food here is delicious .
1	the mozzarella sub is absolutely amazing .
1	any sandwich that i have had is fresh .
1	the employees are very nice as well , great customer service .
1	amazing food and pastries .
0	i declined on their offer , but appreciated the gesture !
0	counter service was excellent !
1	this is probably my favorite sandwich shop !
1	everything is fresh , made to order .
1	best subs in phoenix !
1	the pastries are the perfect end to a meal !
1	best meat subs .
1	soo good !
1	seriously the best italian food place i have ever been to !
1	pasta , sandwiches , and desserts .
1	all the meats and cheeses and sausage are great here .
1	been to a lot of others places but this is the best .
1	i highly recommend e & m painting .
1	professional and friendly .
1	great selection of new books !
1	i love love love this store .
1	its very clean and open , not the usual dive bar .
1	the juke box is amazing .
1	the people are very welcoming and friendly .
0	i came back the next morning and they remembered me , which was cool .
1	delicious , greasy , fat , juicy burgers !
1	i love the seasoned salt fries .
0	they came with seasoned salt on them and were just amazing .
1	otherwise , go inside & see for yourself .
1	from now on i will specifically ask that they cook it fresh .
1	lenny 's burger birthday celebration !
1	been here plenty of times and each time the food is awesome .
1	you must eat here .
1	one of the best burgers in town !
1	so if you 're looking for a good burger , this is the place !
1	food is good .
1	i ca n't recommend it more highly !
0	fast , friendly service should be expected , and they nailed it .
1	food is solid .
1	they have great food and shakes .
1	a great find on our way back into phoenix to catch a flight home .
1	i especially enjoy there cowboy burger combo meal with their delicious raspberry tea .
1	the seasoned fries are also good .
1	this place is one of my favorite places to grab a burger .
1	newly built store has that 50s theme which adds a great taste to it .
1	malts burgers and hot dogs are great here .
1	clean establishment , with great customer service .
1	the burgers are amazing !
1	this is the nicest one i have been to .
1	the milkshakes are delicious they have so many flavors but chocolate is the best !
1	the regular french fries with the seasoned salt are usually really good .
1	the music is great and the scenery reminds me of my grandparents .
1	the blt is the best on the menu .
1	add some avocado and _num_ island sauce , amazing flavors !
1	damn good .
1	recommend double cheeseburger with bacon and avocados and onion rings .
1	this is our celebration place .
1	we have been in several locations and they have been great .
1	for a fast food burger place , it 's pretty good .
1	thank god for trader joes !
1	thank you joe joe for saving the day .
1	i have recently found this place and love it !
1	optical department is awesome .
1	nice staff .
1	recommend this for all your grocery needs .
1	wow !
1	thank you , sincerely .
1	food is totally awesome .
1	we drove _num_ miles and will do it again .
0	we tried four dishes and the were all delicious .
1	the food is great !
0	it was a wonderful experience and the food was fantastic .
1	generous portions and wonderful seasonings .
1	i highly recommend this repair shop and will definitely use them again .
1	above and beyond service !
1	thank you !
1	that 's `` a '' in customer service !
1	i 'll be back and will recommend them to all my friends .
1	they are amazing !
1	i will use this service again in a heartbeat for repairs that matter .
1	easy .
1	i highly recommend this shop , huge selections of different things .
1	will were exceptional .
1	i ca n't make it to that location but i respect the extra effort !
1	this store 's customer service is awesome .
1	lovely place to sit and have quiet time .
1	soft music playing while you drink , eat and read .
1	a lot of good fresh cold or hot food for people on a budget .
1	this location is still a favorite with the super high ceiling .
1	the cornbread rocks and brownies too !
1	price is right , especially if you use a coupon .
1	great spot and highly recommend !
1	the price is very affordable and inside is very clean and professional .
1	but every thing they serve is amazing .
1	i will be back !
1	quiet atmosphere .
0	the soup selection was excellent and very tasty .
1	service is great .
1	overall its a good place to eat .
1	great deal .
1	steak and eggs !
1	the food its self makes the wait all worth it .
1	good food and service .
0	i liked the sunday morning menu .
0	just had brunch here and to my surprise the food was very tasty .
0	our waitress was very friendly and checked up on us a couple of times .
1	they 're also affordable and near my house , bonus !
1	they are totally affordable and did a great job .
1	they make you feel so comfortable !
1	i would definitely recommend this dentist office to everyone !
1	he is honest and has a super positive attitude .
1	they did a great job and i would go back if need be .
1	highly recommend !
0	went gave this place a try and wow really impressed .
1	tony is a very good dentist .
1	great people .
0	really made sure i was comfortable .
1	that 's customer service !
0	good selection of snacks ( loaded up for the hotel room ) .
1	their prices are very fair as well .
1	that being said , sometimes it 's good to specialize .
1	it is a small store but manages to have a wide selection of items .
1	awesome customer service !
0	things looked good there , store was clean and people were friendly .
1	really do love this place .
1	the staff is so friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful .
1	i love the lady that helped us out .
0	owner came over and helped us with our selections without being asked !
1	love new tokyo !
1	this is a great place to go by yourself or with a few friends .
1	this little store is excellent .
1	i love this place !
1	i highly reccomend checking new tokyo out !
1	really enjoyed my first trip to this store !
1	will be visiting again soon !
1	lots of candy , snacks , ice cream , beverages , and so on !
1	the staff there is so nice and cares about the animals .
1	palm glen has very reasonable boarding rates !
1	both doctors are wonderful .
0	highly recommended .
1	thanks again !
1	for me the drive is worth it .
1	they are reasonable in their pricing and explain everything thoroughly .
0	so happy we found this wonderful veterinarian office !
1	this is the best veterinarian in all of phoenix !
1	this is the best animal hospital / vet i have ever been too .
0	thank you , palm glen animal hospital .
1	all in all , not bad !
1	come here often and will recommend .
1	thank you for the lift !
1	the service is definitely at its best and the prices are exceptionally reasonable .
1	best mechanics in town !
1	amazing service !
1	price is very reasonable .
0	they took the time to find the right battery and installed it for free .
0	they directed to the right one that i needed .
0	kyle was excellent .
1	definitely the best wings in phoenix .
1	all-around great bar .
1	their thursday ladies night is great .
1	it 's top-notch as far as dives go .
1	this place is awesome .
1	damn all this talk about it makes me want to go now .
1	i love this place .
1	very impressed with the chef here !
1	i 've been coming here for about _num_ yrs now .
1	the bartenders are friendly .
1	good dive bar .
1	all the bartenders are amazing .
1	love this place !
1	this place is honestly one of my favorite places !
1	great place .
1	update : the customer service is outstanding .
1	it 's tuned to the soul .
1	furniture that is good , stylish and a good price .
0	customer service was great and the cost was extremely fair .
1	so since i ca n't eat it , i will review it .
1	it 's amazing the prices are excellent as well .
1	all of the food is made from scratch and absolutely delicious .
1	love all of it .
1	if you want some spectacular greek food , this is the spot for you .
1	the italian food is good as well .
1	please do yourself a favor and visit this diamond in the rough .
1	the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
1	i could die in it and be happy .
1	its amazing .
1	this is a place that the locals visit .
1	family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
1	we dine here as often as possible .
1	and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best .
1	my daughter really likes their hummus .
1	when in phx ... first dinner is always at the golden greek .
0	love this little family owned place !
1	growing up i always had the spaghetti with meatballs yum !
1	this is as authentic as it gets .
1	been visiting since _num_ , great food , lunch gyro special is the best !
1	i look forward to eating there again !
1	get the gyro plate and enjoy .
1	an old style family restaurant .
1	fantastic !
0	i enjoyed the greek combo immensely !
1	the gyro plate is my favorite .
1	best greek food on the west side of town .
1	the prices are great .
1	the homemade pita is excellent .
1	the service is wonderful .
1	good value , great taste .
1	the food here is fantastic and as authentic as it gets .
1	delicious !
1	this is my favorite greek restaurant i have ever eaten at .
1	it is all good comfort food .
1	now it is our greek favorite in the phoenix area .
0	all were excellent .
1	from you when we ordered wedding flowers .
1	by far the most amazing people i could ever wish for .
1	i would recommend them to everyone !
0	you guys really came through and she was very pleased !
1	i always recommend your store and the feedback is always positive .
1	great place for a bargain !
1	so worth it , if you have patience and time to spare .
1	she 's knowledgeable , patient , and actually listens to what her customers want .
1	the service and the frame selection is phenomenal .
1	i actually have recommended them to two people since my latest appointment .
1	the doctor was knowledgeable and the staff is very friendly and helpful .
1	i go every year for an eye exam and this place is pretty awesome !
1	overall though i highly recommend this spot !
1	great service from moe , the general manager .
1	it is closed .
1	i highly recommend this shop .
1	she understands your needs and will take great care of you .
1	i refer all my family and friends to them .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	very affordable and they do an awesome job .
1	very friendly and convenient overall .
1	very flavorful .
1	big helpings and excellent pricing .
1	i love the chips and salsas .
1	so nice to have such a great place right down the street .
1	much of what other yelpers has written is true .
1	the food is awesome .
1	good prices as well .
1	this is a top _num_ mexican food spot for me without a doubt !
1	excellent service and every dish is flavorful .
1	waitresses always friendly and quick .
1	the staff is always friendly and professional .
1	i love this place .
1	the food is great .
1	the service is great .
1	great little mexican place .
1	the grilled chicken salad is amazing .
0	everything that i have had was great .
1	the ladies are quick to greet you , seat you and take drink orders .
1	this is a wonderful place to go for mexican food .
1	fast friendly service , good prices , and food is delicious !
0	i got a burrito with shredded beef , and it was delicious .
1	solid mexican food .
0	been twice and everyone has really liked their meals .
1	i recommend !
1	good food , decent pricing , and nice staff .
1	i would definitely recommend .
0	i 've tried a number of things on the menu and loved each one .
1	i guarantee that you 'll love anything thats on the menu .
1	plus there 's all you can eat chips and salsa !
1	fresh & tasty makes me happy !
1	fish tacos nice and light .
1	chips and salsa bar is great .
1	the portions are generous so make sure your hungry !
1	it is a great lunch place .
1	the food here is as authentic to mexico as can be !
1	nice atmosphere .
1	this is one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .
1	i had the huevos rancheros and it is the best i 've ever had .
1	great options great service .
0	came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet .
1	i ca n't even begin to explain how wonderful it tasted .
0	the shrimp tacos were amazing and the side salad was different but delicious !
0	went there recently and the service , atmosphere and food was amazing .
1	phenomenal mexican food .
1	their seafood cocktails are mind blowing .
1	will definitely check them out again on my next trip to phoenix .
1	this place has the best tamales that i have had in phoenix !
1	salsa is great .
1	great food .
1	at this location , the owners are family and staff is wonderful .
1	absolutely the best service !
1	salsa is fresh and chips are the best .
1	chilaquiles very good !
1	their coffee is just okay , but all of the food is great .
0	the food was fantastic and the price was great !
1	always a great place to stop and eat .
1	the rice so good compared to what i usually have from other places .
1	the best veggie quesadilla i 've had in a long time !
1	great food , great service !
1	very professional and always gets the job done .
1	this location is very good .
1	very nice ambiance in the restaraunt overall .
1	great experience with the new menu .
0	the salads were fresh and crispy .
1	attentive , great smile and personality .
1	delish with great service .
1	service is pretty good .
1	we enjoy the food and service .
1	it 's clean with plenty of space for even the largest working group lunch .
1	this location has been there for years and i hope it stays that way !
1	clean , quiet , and prompt service .
1	love d pizza it 's yum !
1	down the street from my office , i love this place !
1	the turkey bacon sandwich with lots of their spicy sauce is delicious !
1	they serve a unique sandwich that i enjoyed very much .
1	this place always has great sandwiches and great service .
1	would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a good sandwich .
1	very patient with the order process .
1	the staff was great and helpful working really hard to keep things clean .
1	price is fair for what you get .
0	ashley was an amazing server .
1	i always have a good meal at this og .
1	always a great place and i think they gotten better with the move .
1	okay prices and great tastings at least once a month .
1	always a welcome face there .
1	really quality place , great selection , nice lounge !
0	i actually avoided it the first night and went to another place .
1	i 'm proud of what the shop has become and is still becoming .
1	debbie the office manager has a great staff that attended to all my needs .
0	so glad i found this place , and in my neighborhood at that .
1	a pleasant experience overall .
1	so yeah , new tires , very exciting !
0	left a solid impression and was very courteous .
1	super friendly !
1	awesome service and great customer care !
1	a little bit pricey but great customer service and fast install without an appointment .
1	customer service is friendly and efficient .
1	their salad bar is extensive and the food is fresh .
1	it 's a childhood favorite and has stood the test of time .
1	they also have express lunch pricing as well .
1	the food was really good , including the salad bar .
1	very satisfied with this meal .
0	food and service , was the best !
1	hopefully we can find her at one of the other locations .
0	reasonably priced as well .
1	the people were nice and everything is right up front , no surprises .
1	it is up to you how you want your meal to turn out .
1	this place is the best always hot and fresh .
1	clean place , nice staff and extremely good food .
1	the quality has been consistent for all these years .
1	such good food ... portions are as large as what fits .
1	but we enjoy mixing our own dish depending on our mood that day .
1	sweet , spicy , you name it .
0	over all i enjoyed my meal .
1	i 'm new in town , and i love mongolian grills .
1	the babies and toddlers there are almost always relaxed and happy .
1	the environment is very clean , and has modern play areas .
1	this is my first daycare and it is an amazing place .
0	seriously , really had a great time .
1	we come here to play video games and the kids just love it !
1	very clean , and inexpensive food , and inexpensive gaming .
1	good ole thrifty ice cream and a smiling face too .
1	great gluten free pizza and wings !
1	the food is great !
1	thank you for providing great food and service !
1	very very good food .
1	( and thats a great thing ) .
0	their menu was very easy to look a everything at a glance .
1	our vet is great .
1	i love this place .
1	the staff is so friendly !
1	thank you so much for what each and everyone of you do .
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
1	thank you for all the care through the years and in the end .
1	love it .
1	john , the owner , is incredibly friendly , straight forward and honest .
1	kudos to crystal for the great job .
1	the prices are great !
1	i love this place !
1	the service is remarkable and i would recommend this place to everyone !
1	i will finish in january .
1	the teachers are awesome and help me when ever i ask .
1	they are so encouraging .
1	they are learning so please be patient !
1	he 's the best !
1	small wonder he has such a loyal following .
0	this store was great .
1	i would recommend going to this store for nice merchandise at good prices .
1	usually places just serve plain ice cream but this ice cream was really good .
1	growing up with this place brings back a lot of memories .
1	its very tasty and very good quality .
1	i had the james dean sundae .
1	it 's awesome !
1	there is a wide selection of food and everything is very flavorful .
1	sparkling wine + cranberry juice .
1	jen p rocks !
1	all very good .
1	so tasty !
1	love this restaurant so much .
1	it is such a pleasure to come here every time .
1	the food is always so good .
1	service is always perfect .
1	our waitress does a good job to our _num_ businesses there .
1	i love the $ 5-6 soup !
1	i get it almost every week and the service is excellent fast and efficient .
1	mimi 's cafe has a very comfortable vibe .
1	the perfect location for lunch or brunch in my opinion .
1	ok music and great people watching .
1	a pretty good place to grab a beer and catch up with friends .
1	love the location and we love playing pool there !
1	the drink prices are very reasonable too .
1	will definitely be back !
1	this place is great !
1	prices are reasonable and staff has always been friendly .
1	the owner is honest and runs his business with integrity .
1	i have complete peace of mind coming here .
1	they do a great job , every single time !
1	my new favorite smoke shop .
1	i also love the big humidor .
1	love it !
1	also a great selection of drinks candy & other things !
1	but - for good fresh stuff ! )
1	fun stuff !
1	great store !
1	wide range of sesame and chili oil .
1	i would definitely recommend !
1	he is an extremely intelligent doctor and also a very kind and compassionate person .
1	he 's very old school and honest and i like that in a doctor .
1	he 's been my doctor for five years now and i highly recommend him .
0	everything was tasty , and i brought a bunch of stuff home .
1	nice little market with friendly people .
1	best kimchee selection we 've found in phoenix .
1	pros : so many different types of kim chi !
1	great prices , however .
1	it is tasting mighty fine now !
1	the x ray tech is fantastic .
1	i love the honesty of the techs here .
0	courteous staff was helpful , honest and completed services for a fair price .
1	very satisfied .
1	i really appreciate the wonderful service at brakes plus .
1	great service from john , dean , and hector !
1	thank you for the trustworthy service !
1	very impressed .
1	always helpful and friendly .
1	the manager donna knows everyone and her staff is great !
1	great attitude and great service .
1	simply awesome !
1	so happy with my decision to go here .
1	i love this office !
1	front office people are always friendly .
1	she is so patient and answers my long list of questions .
1	overall , the staff is friendly and competent .
1	this place is the best .
1	i love this office .
1	i drive to this office from peoria for the great service .
1	five stars for a company this impressive !
1	the cost was very reasonable and their work is top notch .
1	fast professional and extremely clean .
1	i will definitely use this business again for future cleanings !
1	what a nice company to do business with .
0	the service technician was on time and was very professional .
0	they were professional , courteous , timely , and efficient .
1	i would recommend this company highly !
1	have already recommended them to another friend and will use them again next year .
0	they are professionals , confirmed the appointment , and were respectful of our home .
1	thanks !
1	very clean and efficient .
1	so happy i called this company , would definitely call again .
1	these guys are clean , professional , and respectful of your property and fixtures .
1	they go above and beyond with the service and they are extremely polite .
1	thanks !
0	the technician was very professional and very knowledgeable .
1	thank you !
1	thank goodness i do n't live in phoenix .
1	so fry 's is amazing !
1	i love fry 's electronics .
1	they also have generous return policy on merchandise .
1	enjoyed coming to this store .
1	the decor is very interesting too !
1	definitely some of the best service i have had .
1	rick is awesome !
0	rick was on time and very flexible .
1	fast , professional and very economical !
1	i am so pleased with his professionalism and fast service .
1	i highly recommend him !
1	great job rick !
1	everything looks great and works just like it should .
1	thank you .
1	prices are very reasonable .
1	great place to stay .
1	i had a surprisingly good stay here and would come back again .
0	this was a great experience !
1	very clean and actually very nice business style hotel for the price .
0	a clean , reasonably priced place to stay .
0	the hotel was very clean and quite .
0	all the employees were very helpful and i had an amazing experience .
1	i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel .
1	we will definitely be going back .
1	great enviroment inside , friendly people .
1	these guys are great !
0	they were incredible .
1	they are a very professional piano moving company with plenty of experience .
1	thanks kevin and dave .
1	guys in the shop are hella cool .
1	great guys , great service .
1	very reasonable prices and excellent service .
1	they 're in my neighborhood and have earned a loyal customer today .
1	the bike even comes with two years of adjustments !
1	wes has always been a huge help .
1	good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
1	i am over excited i found such awesome guys .
1	jessie and kevin are such awesome people !
1	they provide great service and even better humor .
1	great experience , great client service !
1	great selection and rental program is great .
1	i had a great time trying on wedding dresses here .
0	they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced .
1	she is now the happy owner of a gorgeous gown .
0	i did n't feel pressured to buy and it was lots of fun !
1	i went with the deal one cause i love a good savings !
1	it 's clear that these ladies love their jobs .
1	i will definitely recommend this place to anyone i know who gets engaged .
0	staff was friendly and helpful .
0	rachel made this experience the best i could of asked for .
1	thank you so much for my beautiful dress !
1	rachel you 're amazing !
1	thank you again !
0	very friendly staff , very professional the restaurant interior was clean and well maintained .
0	the customer service was excellent .
1	i recommend this place to everyone .
1	truely a wonderful group of people .
1	dr. diana is a very kind and understanding and helpful person .
1	awesome !
1	i enjoy speaking with everyone there .
1	the doctors are compassionate and very knowledgable in what they do .
1	what a wonderful place and i enjoy every visit here .
1	plus , the people are really friendly !
1	i feel extremely comfortable here .
1	this place rocks .
1	the staff and docs are incredible .
1	great place for chiropractic care .
1	the treatment plan is customized to help you improve !
0	everyone was extremely nice and helpful .
1	i 'm glad i found this place .
1	great selection of great boots .
1	love the product , hate the customers in this area .
1	try the qt kitchen ... amazing fresh and fast food .
1	everybody eat here !
1	delicious !
1	love the ceviche and the fish wrapped in banana leaves is so yummy !
1	cute little place .
0	joined a friend here for lunch and enjoyed everything i ordered .
0	also the selection of traditional beverages was very tasty and interesting .
1	it has a taste different and it 's totally wonderful .
1	great place to eat !
1	it 's simple in ingredients , but complex in flavor .
0	nice family owned restaurant with delicious south american food .
1	everything i have ever got is very good .
1	the appetizers are delicious and filling , perfect for a quick lunch by themselves .
1	the tamales are some of the best ever .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in town .
1	real deal great food here .
1	this is a n phx treasure for sure .
1	greatest hispanic food in the valley !
1	wow , the food here is so good and very cheap .
1	will repeat !
1	very good service , delicious food , and all in all a wonderful experience !
1	would recommend mi comida to anyone !
1	simply amazing .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	but the food is different and delicious .
1	i liked the tamale platter , which gives you a taste of each kind .
0	just had lunch here and it was pretty good .
0	i got the tamale sampler .
0	chips and salsa was great .
1	clean , great service and family atmosphere .
1	it 's sublime !
1	this place is crazy good .
1	small `` hole-in-the-wall '' , but very authentic .
0	i went here for dinner and enjoyed their food very much .
1	a gem !
1	food here is super tasty and fresh .
1	apple soda is great too !
1	first time here , hidden gem .
1	love the funky soda selection .
1	it is wonderful !
1	a great little spot .
0	all the food was fantastic .
1	the tamales are among the best i have had.
1	the whole beans were amazing .
1	the ahi chili relish hot and tasty .
0	the steak had just the right amount of seasoning and flavor .
1	a huge amount of food .
1	your tummy will be happy .
1	fantastic !
1	best lentils i 've ever had .
1	plantains were amazing .
1	great choice for lunch or dinner .
1	amazing service !
0	the staff was so nice .
1	good food .
1	great people .
1	please have some yummy tamales there , for me !
1	service is friendly , food is fresh and to die for !
1	delicious !
1	your in for a treat here !
1	authentic and wonderful .
1	this place is a great find .
1	i will definitely recommend this place .
1	great food !
1	best latin food i 've had in a long time .
1	very authentic .
1	i would recommend it to anyone wanting latin food .
1	best place to eat in the area .
1	the food is worth the wait !
1	very small with _num_ tables .
1	i has the brisket dish and it was pretty good .
1	food is high quality and tasty .
1	this place is absolutely fantastic !
1	absolutely the best green corn tamales i have ever tasted !
1	it is a hot spot for those looking for authentic , not ambience .
1	good food .
1	good place .
1	very good overall .
1	everything is so unique .
1	very homey food with complex flavors .
1	the tamales are excellent !
1	still get back in town once a year and have always made the stop .
1	wonderful family operation !
1	i am so sad to see this wonderful restaurant closed .
1	anyway , the food is always satisfying for the family and the wallet !
1	my favorite dish is sweet and sour chicken w white rice .
1	simple , delicious .
0	the great thing was that i had enough for the lunch the next day !
1	great food from a hole in the wall chinese place .
1	very friendly folks .
1	always a great experience !
1	staff here are friendly and helpful each time i have been .
1	selection is good and the store is well organized and stocked .
1	it 's a keeper !
1	the staff is especially helpful and the store is always really clean .
1	i like that they let you bring your pets in with you as well !
1	very friendly and helpful location .
1	i 'm very pleased to have found this office .
1	great people !
1	people are very friendly .
1	strange , but in a good way .
1	wonderful priced tickets and concession prices are even lower than amc and harkins .
1	the concessions are pretty pricy so eat before you go !
1	pretty cool !
1	my son always has fun here .
1	great value .
1	the seats are far from luxurious but they are comfortable enough .
1	downside : let 's be real , it 's an older theatre .
1	no waiting in long lines .
1	great pizza .
1	can not go wrong with santisi brothers .
1	great food ... .
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
1	the food here is great , with a nice selection for vegetarians .
1	this is my favorite place to come and hang out with friends .
1	and some beer with food that goes good with beer !
1	service is good and of course so are the drinks .
1	the wait staff is extremely attractive and friendly !
1	great deal !
1	pizza is awesome , the staff was great .
1	i love the food here !
1	great prices !
1	this place is the best !
1	always fast and friendly and a strong drink !
1	some good beer specials , which is rare on game day .
1	great place !
1	we will definitely be back .
1	the special of pizza and wings is great .
0	wanted above average bar food and good beer selection .
1	you always know what you are going to get .
1	love their wings !
1	great service .
1	one of my favorite sports bars in the valley .
1	awesome food and friendly staff .
1	this place is packed when football is on .
1	great place to hang out and watch sports !
1	did i mention that the food is fantastic ?
1	if you love sports then your going to love this place .
1	pizza is amazing .
1	and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely scrumptious !
1	stop by & see for yourself !
1	outstanding .
1	the food is so incredibly good .
1	probably the best chicken tenders i have ever had !
1	keep up the good work santisi bros !
1	love santisi 's , the best wings and garlic cheese bread in the valley .
1	been coming here for years and i love it .
1	the pizza ( especially the white pizza ) are amazingly good !
1	tons of tv 's and restaurant quality food with an impressive menu .
1	great place to catch the game ... well any game really .
1	overall i would recommend this place .
1	quite cute too !
1	we like ours with the mozzarella melted on top !
1	cool place !
1	tvs everywhere !
1	and ribs that fall apart in your mouth from being so moist and tasteful !
1	food is well above average for a bar .
1	pizza is one of the best in town .
1	great wings , delicious pizza and super friendly service !
1	honestly the best pizza and wings in the valley !
1	highly recommend santisi !
1	even their steamed veggies are amazing .
1	great service and drinks .
1	perfect place for family or date .
0	place was very good !
1	then outdoor seating is great in the winter with several heaters .
1	great place .
1	everyone is so nice too .
1	best sports bar in town bar none .
1	thanks john !
1	love this place !
0	went to santisi brothers for the super bowl , it was great !
1	great place !
1	great ambiance and food !
1	totally awesome food and service ... .
1	but its the services that makes it great .
1	i really like this sports bar .
1	good atmosphere tv 's everywhere for sports .
1	food is amazing especially for a sports bar .
1	great wings !
1	staff is also very friendly .
1	nancy the bar tender was awesome and the food is fantastic !
1	everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting .
1	this place is fun to go hang out and drink a couple .
1	has a wide selection of beers on draft and bottle .
1	this place is fun for family 's or a night on the town .
1	great food , great service .
1	absolutely love santisi brothers !
1	no matter what i order on the menu it always brings me pleasure .
1	she so helpfull and nice , !
0	the waitresses were very very pleasant and we felt very comfortable !
1	good food , decent service and the prices are fair .
1	i love this place !
1	great food , the pizza especially , and huge salads .
1	this is the best place to watch sports .
1	i ordered the classic new york style pepperoni pizza with some hot wings .
1	great customer service , definitely going back next time i 'm in the area .
1	she rocks ... .
1	they sell more than the basics of beer , and the food is great .
1	great beer selection .
0	everything came out hot and was tasty !
1	first off yelp is the best !
0	it was incredible .
1	great sports bar with wall to wall tvs !
1	they have tasty ribs , sliders and pasta dishes to name a few .
1	do yourself a favor and check out santisi brothers .
0	service was pretty good .
0	the food we got was very good , flavorful and large portion sizes .
1	gets a little crowded but that 's because it 's good .
1	this is like home , away from home .
1	with some solid bar and grill food .
1	glad to recommend it !
1	erica is simply the best .
1	good selection of stuff , service is nice .
1	the office staff is also excellent .
1	his staff are excellent , friendly and very accommodating .
1	they make you feel comfortable and ease your anxiety .
1	i recommend anyone and everyone who needs a good dentist !
1	the best dentist i 've had .
1	i love this dentist and his office staff .
1	this place is pretty good .
1	i will add my cake pics , they do an awesome job .
1	what makes this four stars in the bakery !
0	we decided to share a carrot cake large cupcake , sooo amazing !
1	true statement .
1	yum , yum !
1	will definitely go back when in the area .
1	i do love their breakfast sandwiches and coffee !
1	man o boy is it good !
0	the delivery was on time and the cake was delicious .
1	baker wee is awesome .
1	i 've returned a couple times and each cake has been just as good .
1	i will be back ... great taste and excellent design .
1	placing the order was a breeze and the service friendly .
0	it was so fresh it cracked open when cutting into it .
1	friendly service .
1	it 's great stuff !
1	nice employees , good prices , and enjoyable breakfast items .
1	excellent cookies , excellent service .
1	prices are excellent , quality is excellent , service is excellent .
1	i love this place !
0	everything was fresh and tasted good .
1	they have surprised me every single time - each cake has been absolutely flawless .
1	check out the pictures !
1	the people who works in there were so friendly .
1	i love pastries and these do not disappoint .
1	this review is for the great service !
0	the taste was just as great as the looks !
1	best tasting cake i have ever had from a bakery !
1	i highly recommend this bakery !
1	thank you !
0	delivery was on time as well !
1	delicious moist cake .
1	the staff is very helpful and friendly .
1	well worth the drive from the east valley .
1	thank you baker wee for making it perfect !
1	best cakes anywhere !
1	great customer service and beautiful cake .
1	will definitely be a regular for all cake and cookie orders !
1	the most delicious and beautiful cake !
1	amazing !
1	everyone here is so happy .
1	thank you baker wee see you soon .
1	you deliver excellence .
0	they were very cordial and willing to help .
1	love the staff .
1	highly recommend !
1	ok it 's big lots .
1	this is a great big lots .
0	the guy was super friendly and and very helpful .
1	always clean and good food .
1	lady is always nice !
1	two thumbs up !
1	this is definitely one of them !
1	mmm mm !
1	hands down one of the best bike shops in town .
1	they 're very upfront and honest which i can respect .
1	no question : overall positive experience !
1	thank you so much guys for everything .
1	it was a pleasure doing business with you .
1	great bike shop !
1	thanks again dr. l .
1	very competent doctor & staff .
1	cool staff and always tons of equipment open to use .
1	he is amazing and caring .
1	great take-out chinese , love the crab puffs !
1	everything we have ordered off the menu has been great .
1	this is hands down one of my favorite places to eat .
1	one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
1	they are super friendly and food is always right on !
1	everyone is so friendly and food is good .
1	price is very reasonable .
1	has great food and very friendly staff .
1	a rating !
1	service is super fast and you wo n't find a much better price !
1	it is all amazing , good portions for the price !
1	will definitely be ordering from here again !
1	for phoenix the food is pretty good .
1	i 'll keep coming here until i find something better .
1	take out , delivery and dine in .
0	got ta love the wings !
1	best chicken wings in town !
1	good food , great prices on wings on tuesdays .
1	i always enjoy the food here .
1	i like the skin has that crisp to it .
1	enjoy !
1	wings , wings , wings , and more wings !
1	good service , love the parmesan dry rub wings .
1	buffalo chicken dip is fantastic .
1	good sales on party food .
0	moved to chicago _num_ months ago .
1	this place has great pizza and wings - i miss it .
1	nothing special , just damn good ny style pizza .
1	the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect .
1	the wings are great and the pizza is even better .
1	this pic is the sicilian with pepperoni .
1	nice and crispy just the way we like them with just enough sauce .
1	always a treat .
1	really quick , friendly and relaxed service .
1	well this is the place that i go to .
1	needless to say , we will be back !
1	overall , a nice pie that makes you look forward to more !
1	giving five stars because pizza was so good !
1	these folks are authentic .
1	we got the sicilian and it 's totally enough for 3-4 people .
1	this place is definitely getting our return business .
1	the sicilian pizza is outstanding .
1	seriously tasty pizza and wings .
1	love their pizza !
1	my favorite , beside a slice and salad , is their eggplant parm sandwich .
1	friendly .
1	great wings , good pizza , great service .
1	but i love a meatball sub .
1	totally recommend !
1	this is a good place to start .
1	good hole in wall restaurant .
1	very nice guys .
1	thin and tasty fresh crust .
1	this is tasty pizza .
1	the wings are a decent size .
1	napoli is a great place to eat .
1	my favorite local pizza joint .
1	the family that owns it and runs it are awesome as well .
1	picture perfect pizza 's !
1	great customer service !
1	owner is a great help !
1	this store is great .
1	it 's not the biggest , but it definitely has a great selection !
0	everyone was nice , received our food pretty quickly .
0	place was very clean .
0	i tried their limited time only bourbon bbq burger , very good .
1	great place to enjoy some live hard rockin ' music !
1	i keep telling myself i will order something else but then i crave gyro .
1	their bread is great even eaten alone .
1	i enjoyed this gyro restaurant and will visit again !
1	if you like gyros , you will love king 's .
1	this place is great !
1	i love to get the gyro platter here , its so good !
1	so if your hungry for gyros definitely check it out !
1	my most favorite pasta next to my grandma 's .
1	my _num_ year old will eat everything off both our plates !
1	after eating several other gyro place kings still has the best sauce .
1	prices are very reasonable and everyone is very friendly .
1	great food - friendly staff - clean = what more can you ask for ?
1	great food , friendly family run business .
1	my wife loves their gyros .
1	their gyros are delicious and super cheap .
1	the sauce they use is very flavorful , and the pita bread is great .
1	best in phoenix .
1	really really good !
1	i 'm sold !
1	the sauces are awesome .
1	this is definitely my favorite place to come for a gyro .
1	_num_ % the best there is when it comes to gyros .
1	fast service and very fresh .
0	had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good .
1	if you want authentic greek food , you will get the best here .
1	awesome !
1	prices are great , food is authentic greek !
1	small place with _num_ small tables in a strip mall location .
1	great food and service .
1	gyro meat as good as it gets !
1	funny thing too ; their spaghetti and meatballs are fantastic !
0	the hummus was good but it was the falafel that was really good .
0	they were fried crispy , but were light with a great texture and taste .
0	great little place ; glad i found them .
1	absolutely delicious .
1	the food is excellent .
1	it 's a type of tzatziki sauce , but it tastes different .
1	great food ! ''
1	looking for great gyros in a family run joint .
1	fries are nothing to write home about .
1	this family-owned restaurant is so awesome .
1	it 's fabulous !
1	king gyros is just , perfect .
1	their tzatziki sauce is probably one of my favorite things about the place .
1	their chicken pita sandwich is also always amazing .
1	this is hands down the best place for gyros in town .
1	best greek chicken salad i 've had .
1	highly recommend this awesome joint !
1	it always tastes amazing .
1	the gyros are the best i 've ever had .
1	great customer service , and most of all , the food is amazing .
1	best food and best service .
1	great food and people .
1	great flavors .
0	owner was very cheery and helpful with the menu !
1	the store is pretty small but has a warm feeling to it .
1	fresh pita bread and the meat was amazing and full of flavor .
1	location small but clean .
1	tables outside to enjoy great weather .
1	family pride shines through .
1	the food is delicious .
1	i 'll be back for more !
1	i will definitely go back very good food .
1	the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey .
1	the prices , selection , service and food are great .
1	tons of meat and the sauce is the best .
1	the perfect flakey crunch but still moist with honey .
1	the owners are very friendly and welcoming .
1	very good food at a great price !
1	they def got this right !
1	keep up the good work !
1	staff is awesome !
1	love ... love ... love this spot ... ... .
1	and delicious .
1	end the meal with some baklava and mm , perfect meal !
1	great gyros and super nice owners .
1	i highly recommend king gyro !
1	love this place !
1	i can most definitely say i will be a continuing customer .
1	pretty amazing .
1	the restaurant is very clean , and very nice staff !
1	this now is our new favorite place to eat !
1	great customer service .
1	i have tried many gyro placed but this one is the best !
1	you 'll love it !
1	they also have homemade baklava for my sweet tooth ... .
1	but i completely respect it .
1	by far the best greek family in town and best greek food .
1	not only is the food amazing but the customer service is beyond belief .
1	love this place !
1	it 's family owned and they a r e amazing people .
1	the service is always friendly and the place is clean and tidy .
1	me and my family come for dinner about 2x a month .
1	food and service is always great .
1	nice place , clean , spacious room .
1	the staff there is friendly , helpful , and knowledgeable .
0	in the _num_ 's i did take lessons at the dance shoppe .
0	went for the midnight and it was so cool !
1	the bowling is super affordable and you wo n't find better for these prices .
1	the owners are very friendly as well .
1	a lot middle eastern food ingredients ... spices , candies .
1	owner is friendly and price is good .
1	highly recommend .
0	i was really impressed with the quality of service and the price .
1	this is a great place to be morning or night .
1	freindly people , and great service .
1	friendly staff , shuffle board and happy hour on saturday .
1	one of my favorite local dive bars .
1	amazing little place .
1	the prices are even better !
1	this place is hands down the best neighborhood bar in town !
1	i love the feel of it !
1	the drinks are always great and the staff is always friendly .
1	friendly and great service .
1	fun place and plenty to do !
1	friendly service , with consistent high quality , great tasting food !
0	i went and it was as great as i remember .
1	an old favorite .
1	great food .
1	delicious kung pao chicken !
1	will visit again !
1	the food is so fresh and delicious and they deliver !
1	i am lucky enough to be within their delivery zone and i crave it !
1	very cheap food with amazing flavor the staff is always nice and inviting .
0	and a surprise bit of dessert was delivered with the check .
1	is this the best food i 've ever had in phoenix ?
1	excellent restaurant .
1	clean , good food and service i highly recommend .
1	the service is fast and take out is great .
1	their lunch special is a great value !
1	entrees we amazing were amazing .
1	excellent service in house , terrific value of food for your dollar .
1	clean , courteous , good food and great value .
1	best chinese good in the area .
0	btw the customer service was amazing and friendly .
1	i always get chicken and it 's really tasty .
1	this place was amazing .
1	general tso 's chicken is great !
1	love the food !
0	fast service , reasonably priced , very clean and great atmosphere .
0	it was such a great suggestion .
1	friendly service and reasonable prices .
1	great service and the always have tasty food .
1	i recommend this place and i will be back !
1	my favorite place to go for chinese take out .
1	yes , this is a good , even very good place .
0	i loved the wor won ton soup .
1	food is excellent considering the prices .
1	their crab puffs are really good .
1	we love new asian kitchen !
1	the food is always fresh and delicious .
1	i definitely recommend it !
1	they serve sweet corn chicken soup -- a family favorite .
1	everything we order has been great .
1	a hidden gem in the area .
1	really , everything thing about this place is wonderful .
1	the rice is always fresh tasting and stores so well , its unbelievable .
1	i think the portion is large and two people can share it for dinner .
1	the deliveries are always crazy quick , the food is hot & fresh .
1	you get a ton of food , and the prices are very reasonable .
1	yeah , you can .
0	my daughter loved her fried shrimp and sweet and sour chicken .
1	it 's the freshest chinese food i 've seen or had in ages !
1	i and my family and friends are regulars .
1	huge portion sizes .
0	everything was so good .
1	i highly recommend this restaurant .
1	wow .
1	by far the best chinese food that i 've had since moving here .
1	i 'd highly recommend checking it out !
1	very clean , friendly staff , and affordable .
1	very glad we happened upon this place , the beef chow fun is great !
1	wow !
1	food is great , better selection .
0	i ordered the lunch beef and broccoli and it was very tasty .
1	wow what favors and the veggies where fresh !
1	i 'm happy to say that i 've finally found it .
1	best place in phoenix !
1	my family and i love this place !
1	they have excellent customer service and their food tastes great .
1	i highly recommend this place for lunch under _num_ ... bathroom was clean too .
1	consistently good food !
1	love their food !
1	if your in the area this is the spot to go to .
1	they deliver quickly and are very nice .
1	definitely recommend this place .
1	we will keep using it .
1	their broccoli w/ oyster sauce is good to .
1	food and prices are fantastic !
1	i am so happy this place is across the street from me !
1	friendly knowledgeable staff always willing to answer questions when you go in .
1	they always help me load the product purchased .
0	he fixed the issue , and i was able to get it passed !
1	thunderbird automotive has always been helpful , honest and so friendly .
1	thanks guys !
1	excellent drive thru dude !
1	i definitely recommend the strawberry lemonade !
1	the sales are good and sales people are friendly .
1	dressing rooms are very good sized with a comfy bench .
1	the avenue style is a casual look and i am ok with that .
1	yet , they always know how ensure that you are well taken care of .
1	dr. jones is the top of the line !
0	we were greeted with warm smiles .
1	a very thorough welcome visit .
1	best ever !
1	i recommend them to everyone with children .
1	he and his staff are always welcoming , friendly , and professional .
1	they make their own bread and have a good selection of boars head meat .
1	decent selection of meats and cheeses .
1	best ruben i have ever had !
1	great place to go !
1	excellent mom and pop deli !
1	i recommend extra bug juice .
1	always clean , always fresh and always friendly .
1	it 's a simple place , just a deli with a few basic tables .
1	these guys are amazing !
0	very clean , good portions , fresh , served fast .
1	people seemed to have passion in what they do ... i respect that !
1	we love it .
1	we tried the pizza today & it is excellent !
1	thank you !
1	one of the best deli sandwiches in town .
1	the bread is incredible and the staff is as friendly as it gets .
1	great job villa deli !
1	yum , i love this place .
1	the fresh baked bread is soooo good .
1	the best pizza pie in town !
1	vinny the owner is a very sweet guy .
1	this is a very good local deli .
1	so delicious .
1	they are tasty and simple !
0	the sandwiches was awesome served on fresh made bread .
1	they have excellent food and customer service .
1	you should check this place out !
1	the best choice i could of made .
1	they make their bread , boars head meats are great .
1	really good entrees .
1	delicious deli !
1	the place is small and comfortable and i felt at home .
1	thank you so much !
1	very relaxing experience .
1	i could tell she loves what she does and was good at it .
1	friendly , reasonably priced , would recommend linda and use this salon again .
1	super sweet place .
1	her color and cut are always spot on .
1	she is very personable and professional .
1	they have boiled bagels and are wonderful .
1	great place , really clean , and the staff is friendly .
0	we chose the cream cheese which was very good .
1	still great .
1	i love this place .
1	best breakfast bagel sandwich i 've ever had .
1	i love their flavored coffee .
1	the service is always fast and friendly .
1	so good .
1	prices are great , you really ca n't beat 'em .
1	if that was n't enough , the food is great !
0	water boiled bagels and amazing variations .
1	i love this place !
1	their bagels are incredibly yummy , and fresh .
1	i love it , and they will make anything to order .
1	great service , free wifi , fresh food and ingredients !
0	have i said i loved this place ?
1	i love their bagels !
1	they have a good chicken noodle soup and the bagels are delicious .
1	love their bagels !
1	love the bagel chips too !
0	i also got an iced chai that was good .
1	so good !
1	iced cafe mocha is delicious !
0	they bagel was soft and moist and i had fresh veggies in my sandwich .
0	this place was so good , i came back today to order again !
1	love this place !
1	great breakfast and lunch spot .
1	kind of deceiving , also i love how really they are open .
0	so happy i stumbled upon this place !
1	speedy service and polite and friendly staff .
1	went here for the first time today and i will most certainly be returning !
1	the bagels are lovely & fresh and the service was polite and friendly .
1	the best seafood place in town !
1	the batter is light and flavorful .
1	good ambience for a seafood joint .
1	clean and cozy authentic restaurant .
0	well done .
1	my wife would be happy to help them here !
1	i like it and i will go back .
1	nothing fancy but good food .
1	this is a great place to get all you can eat fish fry .
1	a very casual place with great service and good food .
1	the fried combo plate is excellent .
1	this place is amazing !
1	the food is amazing and the staff is so pleasant !
1	these people go above and beyond to make you feel at home .
1	and did i mention the food is amazing !
0	liked the set up and had a good vibe .
0	both were fresh and delicious .
1	will definitely be back .
1	i 'm from back east and enjoy great seafood .
0	our waitress nicole , was great .
1	a daily lunch and dinner board displays the specials .
1	their clam chowder is also amazing ( obviously lol ) .
1	best clam chowder i 've had !
0	we tried the cod both fried and baked .
1	all i can say is it was great .
1	my partner and i both enjoyed the dinner .
0	great food , big portions and our waitress 's nicole was great !
1	they truly have the freshest bread and ingredients .
1	simply blimpie for fresh slice subs !
1	great sandwiches friendly staff .
0	bread was fresh and soft .
0	everything i bought worked out perfectly and i have her to thank for that .
1	kudos hi health !
1	they are always so friendly , helpful and knowledgeable !
1	love the discounts you get when you purchase products !
1	the staff at advanced eye care are so friendly and helpful .
1	sharon rocks !
1	great eye care center !
1	the staff is extremely helpful and always take their time to explain benefits .
1	highly recommend !
1	the staff is so friendly and helpful .
1	great office hours and easy to make appointments .
1	when picking out frames the girls are a great help .
1	we have been going here the last few years and will continue going back .
1	very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	highly recommend .
1	great style advice , too .
1	he is caring and really explains things so you can understand .
1	this is the best paint you can buy for your house .
1	the menu offers an item for everyone , including those hungry for lunch .
1	i love the good egg .
1	they have delicious yet healthy options for breakfast , brunch , and lunch .
1	good coffee .
1	one of the best breakfast places in phoenix .
1	good food , great staff .
1	price is wonderful and food is hot , tasty and fulfilling !
1	the food is always good .
1	man the staff her is great .
0	i loved it !
1	a nice portion for a nice price .
1	i really enjoy service from more experienced servers .
0	everything was clean and comfortable .
1	are you sure this is a chain ?
1	the staff is awesome the food is great .
0	the chicken fajita burrito fundido was delicious !
1	my new favorite place !
1	food is wonderful , atmosphere nice .
1	perfect service .
1	good food , nice relaxing authentic atmosphere .
1	i love the food here .
1	she loves it .
1	i know everyone who works there and that 's great .
1	not sure why they do n't have at least a _num_ star rating .
1	i personally give them _num_ stars !
1	service is always very friendly and fast .
1	the food is wonderful here .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	wow , the green chili chimichanga is hands-down the best i have had ever !
1	dated decor but it 's all about the flavor - and top shelf delivers .
0	our server was pleasant and very on the ball .
1	the service has always been excellent and the staff very friendly .
1	great price , great service .
1	great experience !
0	truely recommended !
1	i feel at home when i walk through the door and it smells clean .
1	hopefully they will open back up !
1	great customer service !
1	nikki has been a great help and all staff are so helpful .
1	they have a way of making you feel comfortable .
1	please visit them .
0	it also had the perfect mix of family , joy and happiness .
1	not to mention some incredible donuts .
1	hot , fresh , delicious .
1	the fritters are excellent and i like their bagels .
1	bosa and bosa delivers some seriously fresh donuts at 3pm .
1	bosa does a very tasty donut .
1	very very yummy little to sweet !
1	best donuts in the valley .
1	nice little place and it 's open _num_ hours .
1	wide variety and quick service .
0	great old fashioned doughnuts !
1	the donuts always tastes fresh .
1	check it out !
1	my love handles thank you bosa !
1	better than dunkin ( and i love theirs ) .
1	i love the glazed .
1	i love supporting this locally owned , family owned place .
1	i love these donuts because they taste great and the texture is even better .
1	its a great balance between the fluffy interior and subtle crunchy exterior .
1	best doughnut we have had in chandler .
1	best donuts ever .
1	so delicious and scrumptious !
1	they are the most moist , soft , delicious things in the world .
1	best doughnuts in chandler .
0	price , service , and convenience all met my expectations .
1	i will definitely come back again .
1	they have very good prices and a nice staff .
1	bosa is amazing !
1	their ham & cheese croissant is so damn good !
1	all are great .
0	made fresh , like still warm and melt in your mouth fresh .
1	bosa is most definitely the best !
0	the donuts were pretty good .
1	best chocolate cake , apple fritters , cinnamon rolls and donut holes ever .
1	i think this is what heaven smells like .
1	best doughnuts around .
1	great prices , fast service , plus a drive through .
1	loves .
1	best donuts in arizona .
1	the staff is nice sometimes .
1	best buttermilk bars i 've ever had !
1	fresh donuts and great service !
1	they have amazing fresh donuts , great coffee , and a big selection available .
0	custom made fresh donuts .
1	great donuts .
1	outstanding donuts .
1	these donuts are so extremely good .
1	delicious and fresh !
1	best donuts i 've ever tasted .
1	she said they have the best donuts .
0	obsessed with this place !
1	great donuts !
1	so good !
1	best apple fritters around .
1	we absolutely love this place .
1	customer service has always been great when i go .
1	always the best and service is amazing .
1	awesome find !
1	the glazed are the best !
0	we had a birthday party breakfast and the were delicious .
1	i would highly recommend this location .
1	yes finally a doughnut place that taste amazing .
1	this place rocks !
1	donuts here are fresh and legit ... staff are friendly and helpful .
1	any flavor you get tastes amazing !
1	amazing every time !
1	fresh fluffy donuts .
1	love this place .
1	best donuts in town .
1	oh man !
0	loved it .
1	( steak on risotto cake , so good ! )
1	a++ on the kindness and the food .
0	the food was delicious , and enjoyed by children and adults alike .
1	are you kidding ?
1	their portions are ginormous and quality was top notch , especially the bourbon chicken .
1	i love their cheese pizza , definately one of a kind .
1	the pizza has always been pretty good at rays .
1	i love the pizza here !
1	... steak and cheese sub is my personal favorite .
1	always clean & busy .
0	got ta love a clean circle k !
1	much more pleasant to shop there now .
1	very good selection , and fast service .
1	friendly service and always helps you out to the car .
0	funny guys waited on me .
1	the staff was super friendly and welcoming .
1	their staff is great .
1	they are small town and personal .
1	this is the best veterinary office i have ever been to .
1	they are kind considerate and compassionate .
1	i love the entire staff .
1	he is a very compassionate doctor and a pleasure to work with .
1	we recommend his services to everyone .
1	they are constant professionals with compassion , a hard combination sometimes to combine .
0	i loved the place right away .
1	just a good time place .
0	i had a sandwhich ... it was pretty good as well .
0	i liked them a lot .
1	this is a great bar !
0	i have been there twice and enjoyed it both times .
1	the food takes a bit but is delish !
1	i love the decor of this place .
1	the food is great , service is great .
1	the best thing is the diverse mix of patrons .
1	its a true saloon .
1	i love this place .
0	it was a good choice !
0	service was unapologetic but good enough .
0	i had philly steak sandwiches , which was very good .
1	drinks are fairly cheap , and service is very friendly .
1	super local place with great food and a great atmosphere .
1	a nice place for a quick bite to eat .
1	great atmosphere !
0	looked so good .
1	great place for a nite out .
1	they have outside dining and dancing with live music on saturdays also .
1	love this place !
1	both are amazing !
1	two thumbs up .
1	oh yeah !
1	nice staff .
1	thanks for going above and beyond , ladies .
1	worth stopping by every few months to see the new styles .
1	their customer service is wonderful .
1	ask for kim , she rocks !
1	i 'm one happy customer : ) .
1	lisa marie is an expert !
1	i am so happy !
1	thank you so much for a great cut and superior service !
1	i am definitely making this my permanent salon and will definitely request susan again .
0	fixed some color issues on my hair and got a fabulous cut .
1	they have a lot of great beers on hand and make great recommendations .
1	dave is entertaining and knowledgable .
1	my favorite stop on way home from work .
0	the owner greeted us immediately & was super friendly .
1	fantastic selection and if you do n't see something you want , just ask .
1	small store but great selection .
1	btw , they are very reasonable too !
1	i love the simplicity of this small sandwich shop .
1	a great meal in a great part of mesa .
1	i would definitely recommend this to others as a great place for lunch .
1	cute decor and the owners are friendly and personable .
1	we love sweet cakes !
1	most cookies are edible !
1	love love love this place !
0	the staff was super friendly , great experience overall !
1	on the other hand , my goodness , their sandwiches are amazing .
1	great food , great decor !
1	they make some delicious cookies and deserts .
1	best cookie stop in town !
1	the food is well thought out and simply delicious .
1	the cafe is cute and always very clean .
1	the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty .
1	in my opinion , they are best known for their deserts .
0	open for lunch this small bright and airy bakery was crowded to the max .
0	and the sandwich was a delight .
1	will definitely return when meeting up for lunch !
1	always friendly and fast !
1	sweet cakes is a hidden treasure with amazing baked goods !
1	makes my mouth water just thinking about it !
1	their sandwiches are quite gourmet and amazing .
0	i came in early and the staff was so friendly and helpful .
1	this place does serve good sandwiches for lunch .
1	if you 're looking for authentic mexican tacos , you 've hit the jackpot !
1	they also have freshly made drinks that are refreshing !
1	my ultimate favorite .
1	easily the best american restaurant in the area .
1	best wing i think in the valley .
1	love all the waiters .
1	they really have the best wings .
1	best wings ever !
1	native wings are the best !
1	they go perfect with anything .
1	great food great service and as always great wings !
1	definitely coming here again !
1	has a great dinner with our !
1	we will definitely be back !
1	yummy yummy yum !
1	love love love the food and atmosphere !
1	she really helped on choosing the right wings and drinks .
1	atmosphere is relaxed .
1	friendly staff .
1	the bartender ashley makes an amazing bloody mary !
1	the best place if your a local !
1	she 's awesome !
1	great place cheers !
1	great value and great taste .
1	do n't drink and drive !
1	we will definitely be back !
1	alexis was amazing tonight !
0	we were seated quickly and our server liz was fantastic !
1	yes alexis is awesome .
1	thanks for a great experience my first time in here !
1	well , you can , and the beef tacos are amazing .
1	my super close , local taco shop .
1	this location is good !
1	i love filiberto 's .
1	great burritos and the tacos are amazing .
1	very friendly and fast .
1	always a great spot to hit up for mexican food .
1	nice enough and helpful .
1	i ended up later moving into a one bedroom by myself .
1	its quiet , clean , and safe .
1	i would highly recommend this shop to anyone .
1	hot damn this place is great !
1	best mexican food at a reasonable price .
0	i got a machaca burrito , and it was super great !
1	delicious breakfast burrito .
1	yummy food and good service .
1	love this place .
1	small , unassuming restaurant .
1	best chorizo and eggs in the valley .
1	fantastic food and really good personable service .
1	this is a must when we are in phx .
1	best chilaquiles in town .
0	just had the chorizo breakfast burrito , so good !
1	the coffee is good and fresh .
1	inexpensive and delicious , what more can you ask for .
1	i would like to try the breakfast menu and will definitely be back !
1	but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
0	their red salsa was spicy and addicting .
1	amazing and friendly service too , every time !
1	i highly recommend stopping in !
1	this place is a favorite on days off for lunch together .
0	a friend had the lengua burrito and said it was really tender and flavorful .
1	so good and authentic .
1	what i 've been able to eat so far is amazing .
1	i will definitely return !
1	small place that 's great for take out .
1	the special breakfast burrito is delicious .
1	i 'm definitely coming back again and again and again and again .
1	one of the best mexican joints i have ever been to !
1	the hot sauce they give is pretty spicy but addicting !
1	oh and their red salsa is amazing and had the perfect spice !
1	do yourself a favor .
0	the staff was really friendly and attentive .
0	the food was authentic and delicious !
1	worth the effort !
0	chorizo and egg was perfect !
1	oh my god , best breakfast burrito ever .
1	amazing breakfast burritos , great vegetarian burrito !
0	authentic atmosphere , felt like i was in mexico !
1	the employees are so friendly !
1	great , polite , and yummy .
1	amazing meal !
1	small unique place .
1	quick service and friendly .
1	good eats too for a nice mexican breakfast .
1	fantastic breakfast burritos !
1	this is a huge step above filiberto 's type places .
1	yum yum yum !
1	both green and red salsa great .
1	the food is so good here !
1	the staff is nice .
1	the cashier is always friendly and the business seems to always have customers .
1	awesome spot .
1	you can really see and taste that they make there own chorizo .
1	as a mexican this is pretty right on !
1	they have the best breakfast tacos and the tortillas are home-made .
1	this place is delicious .
1	it is amazing .
1	great service , quality , and price !
1	staff is friendly .
1	entire staff is professional and friendly .
1	price is very reasonable .
1	great fun for tots and the slightly older set .
1	really fun place for kids .
0	took my daughter there and she loved it !
1	my kids are ages _num_ & _num_ and love this place .
1	it is the best for younger kid amusement in phoenix .
1	highly recommend and definitely worth the drive if you 're not nearby .
1	it is what it is .
1	the ride attendants were fun and engaging with the children for the most part .
1	it is what it is .
1	as a parent , my joy was watching my kids have fun .
1	my _num_ and _num_ year olds love this place .
1	very nice location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
1	your pets will be in good hands here .
1	dr. lewis is such a caring and helpful doctor .
1	the price is reasonable .
1	people always compliment my nails when i have them done here .
1	this library has a good selection of books , esp newer ones .
1	what a great library .
1	great interactive museum !
1	its been a great experience so far and we will keep coming back !
1	has something for everyone .
1	i 'm sure we will be back !
1	wow , what a cool museum !
1	this place is more wonderful than expected .
0	highly recommended .
1	awesome !
1	the museum is packed full of impressive displays .
1	i will be going back for sure !
1	a great museum for a reasonable price .
1	they keep adding to it each year .
1	i must go back , so much to do and see .
1	great for kids !
1	this place is awesome for kids and adults .
1	this place is awesome .
0	she loved it , my wife loved it , and i loved it .
1	fun for all ages if you 're interested in history , and science .
1	admission is a tad pricey but well worth it in my mind .
0	my sister and i took her kids and we all had a great time .
1	my son loves this museum .
1	worth taking the kids !
0	attended a wedding at the museum and it was amazing !
1	highly recommend working with marie and planning an event here .
1	you really have to see it to appreciate it .
1	the arts center has a lot of potential .
1	all are affordable , and some of the pieces are actually really good .
1	check it out next time you need a cool gift .
1	i 've been to mesa arts center twice , and i love it !
1	i am definitely impressed !
0	my wife and i saw a musical here and loved the theatre .
1	the grounds outside are beautiful .
1	it is a beautiful venue with great acoustics .
1	mesa arts center is a treasure .
1	consistently the best performing arts center in the phoenix metro area .
1	def something worth checking out .
1	the theaters are top notch - both front and back of house .
1	i am proud to h ave this cultural icon in mesa .
1	as others have mentioned , what a beautiful complex !
1	would you put your feet on the table where a master chef is working ?
1	will definitely be back .
1	it 's a great place to spend a hot phoenix afternoon .
1	the arts center has nice architecture and acoustics !
1	a very impressive venue to watch a live performance .
1	this venue is fantastic .
1	the sound is great .
1	two thumbs up !
1	it has a nice but small museum .
1	really nice theater .
1	this is a very nice venue .
1	this is a beautiful facility .
1	love this place and have been here several times .
1	great theatre !
1	the theatre is just beautiful !
1	i would highly recommend and will return .
1	that 's how beautiful the building and surrounding area is .
1	definitely would recommend .
1	wow ... what a beautiful facility .
1	my family has a curious history with the mesa arts center .
1	my kids are _num_ and _num_ and they love it there .
1	a great museum that my _num_ year old can grow into .
1	this is a great place to take the kiddos for a couple of hours .
1	buy a membership and enjoy a break from the heat !
1	one thing that always strikes me is how good the condition is .
1	but from speaking with them on the phone they were very friendly and helpful !
1	all i want in a car company is honesty .
1	network automotive service center is a good honest shop .
1	this place is great .
0	they worked with our budget and the service was perfect throughout the entire night .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	i would highly recommend the antique wedding house for your wedding !
1	it is a very beautiful place for an intimate wedding .
1	they have affordable wedding packages .
1	amazing !
0	michele was great from the beginning .
1	will definitely reccomend to others .
1	regardless , i recommend them to everybody .
1	these guys are the best .
1	great group of guys that do awesome work .
1	i send my friends to them and everyone is happy .
1	this place rocks .
1	great shop , i highly recommend it !
1	these guys are good !
1	they also have so many options for factory systems it 's amazing .
0	the screen was much bigger than the factory screen and was higher quality .
1	thank you from a very happy customer !
1	great shop , honest people !
1	great customer service .
1	so thanks dave for saving me hundreds of dollars .
0	the coconut cream pie shake left me happy .
1	you really can see the servers roller skate well .
1	thanks sonic !
1	a good place for breakfast .
1	the waitress we always get is great .
1	cindy 's is pretty much amazing .
1	highly recommend .
0	every one was friendly ... great atmosphere .
1	great service .
1	my boyfriend and i love coming to cindy 's !
1	i eat here a lot .
1	they do all the things on their menu well .
1	i enjoy going some where besides chain food places that are more individual .
0	perfect home cooked food !
1	i would recommend this to anyone in the area !
1	great place for breakfast .
1	my favorite place for breakfast and friday fish fry .
1	the waitress ' s are wonderful and very friendly .
1	this is my favorite breakfast spot .
0	our room was very clean and the mattress was real comfortable .
1	these guys are great !
1	a year and a half later i 'm still extremely pleased .
1	the absolute best shop in the valley .
0	josh was great !
0	he did an amazing job !
1	these guys are all great .
1	a fun group with a ton of talent .
0	just the experience was top notch .
0	everything was just so quaint and attention to detail was excellent !
1	it is one of the prettiest indoor/outdoor wedding venues in the valley .
1	we worked closely with chris , the owner and he is remarkable .
1	all of his vendors are experienced and so easy to work with .
1	the venue is beautiful !
0	the dj was super entertaining which made it even more fun !
1	and let me tell you !
1	love it .
1	everyone i know here loves this place .
1	otherwise , go eat and enjoy !
1	staff is super friendly every single time !
1	love love love !
1	i absolutely love authentic mexican food and this place does not disappoint .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	this is my wife 's favorite place to eat .
1	yes please and thank you !
1	perfect for a quick breakfast or lunch .
1	one of the best burrito places in the valley .
1	best machaca in arizona and california .
1	i also recommend the chicken quesadilla - a little spicy , but fantastic !
1	food is always great and fresh !
1	the green salsa is amazing !
1	love it when moco is the cook , his burritos are the best !
0	friendly staff , freshly made food .
1	excellent customer service that is not found very often anymore .
1	i highly recommend this company .
1	fantastic shop !
1	one of the top two home decor stores in the phoenix area .
1	now i can bring the look of the store to my own home .
1	a great little thrift store .
1	probably the best thai in town .
1	we are thai so we know how good thai food should be .
1	the price is very reasonable .
1	love the tasty dishes and wonderful owners .
1	good dining experience !
1	this place is a treasure .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
1	best in town !
1	lunch prices are great and u get a lot of food .
1	the price is definitely right too , especially for two medical school students !
1	you must check out this hidden gem !
1	it 's phenomenal !
1	love this place !
1	the owners are funny and nice .
1	i 'm thai so i definitely know my thai food dishes .
1	_num_ sweet sour chicken ... very good .
1	enjoy !
1	i use to live at shadow creek and loved it .
1	a great place to live check it out !
1	thank you new management you guys are amazing .
1	i highly recommend giving this place a look and asking for christine !
1	very happy !
1	techs do a great job !
1	the employees are very helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly .
1	great local business to support .
1	every time i need something they have it , especially good advice .
1	very friendly , quick and efficient !
0	oh i got my band geek back on now !
1	this is heaven to me .
1	always great customer service .
1	thanks !
1	they fixed every issue i had and the price is extremely reasonable .
1	i will definately use them again !
1	the staff is great and helpful .
1	love the downtown mesa location too .
1	these guys have great programs to help you rent to buy .
1	friendly customer service .
1	very prompt as well .
1	i definitely recommend this place .
1	the recliners are beautiful and the craftsmanship is fantastic .
1	another great experience on dolly the steamboat .
1	beautiful afternoon cruise ( 2pm ) .
1	i would recommend this to everyone at least once .
1	thanks dolly steamboat !
0	the feedback from my team was exceptionally positive .
1	it was definitely worth visiting if you are in phoenix/scottsdale !
0	the cruise was good .
1	we felt comfortable and relaxed , enjoying every moment .
1	will definitely be back !
1	highly recommend this little cruise !
1	canyon lake is absolutely stunning and this was a great way to see it .
0	the tour guides were friendly and knowledgeable .
1	it would probably also be good for the dinner cruise .
0	the crew was knowledgeable and entertaining .
1	great weather for an enjoyable trip .
1	it is a half a day trip from phoenix area .
1	the crew is fun , helpful and great company .
1	thank you for such a grand business !
0	we had a very nice time on the dolly steamboat today .
0	the scenery is beautiful and the people who ran it were very courteous .
0	once again we all enjoyed the time together .
1	well worth the time and money !
1	the steamboat ride is more geared to adults than young children .
0	the food was fantastic as well .
1	we always see beautiful scenery and plenty of wildlife .
1	dolly steamboat wonderful experience .
1	a great experience !
1	best az day .
1	peaceful and beautiful .
0	beautiful scenery and drive out to lake was nice .
1	good times on the water .
0	staff and the ride were terrific .
1	the reasonable rates make it a great value .
1	what an amazing and informative trip for all age groups !
1	i would definitely recommend the noon tour on the dolly !
1	the scenery on the lake is breathtaking .
1	we have enjoyed this tour on numerous occasions sitting both inside and outside .
1	lots of fun .
1	enjoy the beautiful lake and have a fabulous meal .
1	well worth it and will do it again !
1	beautiful , wild , exotic , rare , and at the same time relaxing .
1	decent food and good service .
1	the young hip mom that cuts my hair is awesome !
1	highly recommend .
1	i love le studio .
1	they always look amazing !
1	gorgeous salon and kathy rocks !
1	oh , and by the way the shop is very nice .
1	this place is amazing !
1	she does a great job and she is so sweet !
1	i have a completely different look and i love it .
1	best hair cut i have ever gotten .
1	it 's a little pricey , but totally worth it for at home use .
0	tatiana came highly recommended by my daughter .
1	love her to bits !
1	tina there is so awesome !
1	very reasonable price for her caliber !
1	victoria is amazing !
1	this place is beautiful inside and very spacious .
1	she is a sweetheart and she did a fantastic job !
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
1	so i have gone here several times and i love this place !
1	i look forward to my appointments , i highly recommend her .
1	major kudos !
1	gabby 's is an interesting place and it has its pros and cons .
1	the owner is friendly and the burgers and wings are fantastic .
1	very competitive and friendly games .
1	i 'm so surprised by some of these reviews .
1	the owner is easy to get a hold of when i had an issue .
1	a very beautiful venue though !
1	i had a beautiful wedding service at the wright house last may .
1	the venue had my guests in awe of it 's beauty .
1	these guys are awesome !
1	the staff is friendly and is very knowledgeable about the products they sell .
1	great place !
1	honest , reliable , and reasonable .
1	they are soooo helpful , always friendly , always cheerful .
1	super nice guys .
1	will definitely be back and highly recommended .
1	josh @ the front desk is a real hoot ... fun guy .
1	authentic mexican food is delish !
1	breakfast plates are all soo good !
1	perfect hole in the wall mexican food restaurant !
0	for sure got ta come back to try more of their menu !
0	ordered fresh brewed tea , bean and cheese burrito and guacamole .
1	definitely something i will have again !
0	the week i moved to arizona i went here twice !
1	brilliant .
1	i love their shrimp with garlic !
1	happy eating !
1	the staff is always very friendly !
1	not the prettiest place in the world , but food is excellent !
1	really good mexican food , check .
1	amazing !
1	food is fresh and excellent !
1	the chimichanga is amazing !
1	every time i 'm in phoenix i will definitely be coming back .
1	best pozole in town !
1	great authentic mexican food !
1	the atmosphere is super friendly .
1	the food is worth any wait !
0	we have eaten here many times and always had a great meal !
1	love their salsa bar .
1	best mexican food in az period !
1	the shrimps are always cooked to a perfect texture .
1	this is a perfect time of year to enjoy this restaurant .
1	it 's a nice mom and pop store .
1	the menudo and pozole are delicious .
1	they make it really well .
1	you can tell that everything is made fresh .
1	really cute little place .
0	all well made , so glad to eat good home cooked mexican .
1	love how inviting and cozy the place is .
0	everything we ordered was delicious .
0	by far the best tasting home made mexican food in the valley .
1	what a gem of a place !
1	gracious owners with a charming , nice atmosphere .
1	seriously delicious !
1	go and then thank the chef for a wonderful meal .
1	love the food love the staff .
1	the menudo here is perfect .
0	the staff was friendly and attentive .
1	this place is a hidden gem .
1	the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
0	recently bought a variety of license plates there for a good price .
1	chris the owner , is in one word , amazing .
1	punctual , professional , informative .
1	best quality and highest level of service i have ever experienced .
1	i will most definitely go back and highly recommend .
1	these guys really are woohoo !
1	great service .
1	friendly too .
1	will explain the work in detail .
1	you will love them !
1	steve is just so honest and laid back .
1	what a great discovery this morning .
1	they are very accommodating and helpful .
1	i highly recommend and plan to do business with them for years to come !
1	so happy with our camp shirts !
1	this place is awesome .
1	the people are great to speak with and friendly .
1	the ambiance stellar .
1	what a gem !
1	check schedule for frequent live music .
1	everything about this place is just cool .
1	cheers would be proud !
0	easy to make friends , staff , every one was really nice to me .
1	great experience i will be back !
1	awesome !
1	the staff are great too .
1	great beer selection of super hard to find brews .
0	even better wine selection downstairs and a laid back lounge .
1	great bartender downstairs with knowledge of beer and wine .
1	you can purchase any bottle there and enjoy it in the cellar .
1	great selection .
1	what a pleasant surprise !
1	very very cool .
1	its pretty cool , i would recommend checking it out .
1	the bartenders also know a lot about craft beer .
1	the selection of beer is fantastic !
1	the tap list in the basement bar is also fantastic .
1	must see in mesa !
1	they also have great happy hour specials on other drinks as well .
1	looks are definitely deceiving with its bright orange paint on the outside .
1	this is a good place to go to find something different .
1	great selection , nice staff .
1	a nifty drive thru if you 're into that kinda thing .
1	we will try again !
1	i would highly recommend this place to my friends .
1	that is worth _num_ stars !
1	this is an excellent local liquor store .
1	super friendly staff .
1	great selection of beers and spirits .
1	looking for a great local dive bar !
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	food is delicious and reasonably priced .
1	linda is the best !
1	wow - what a nice surprise .
1	friendly , great pour .
1	great burger before the game - awesome wings after the game .
1	i 've always loved this bar & grill .
1	these guys are top notch !
1	i am very happy with the work and care put in to the results .
0	they were also extremely fair in pricing .
0	so i found this place on main st .
1	great customer service with a smile .
1	thanks !
1	expensive and good .
1	ken clearly shows passion in what he does .
0	the room was nice and clean .
1	my kids love going here .
1	nice selection .
1	very warm and friendly staff .
1	love the sandwiches here .
1	a family favorite .
1	the amenities dr. wright provides for his patients make visits fun .
1	they are all nice and friendly , quick yet gentle .
1	they are a joy to work with !
1	very friendly staff and doctor .
1	nice people .
1	very friendly staff and i love the prices !
1	thanks for the delicious ice cream guys !
1	nice and clean .
1	great company !
1	these guys are really great !
1	love the old school mom and pop non corporate type !
1	thank you for your wonderful service .
1	employees were welcoming and very friendly .
1	everyone there is friendly and cares about their customers .
1	what a seriously cool place .
1	i love this place !
1	perfect way to end a hectic day !
1	this is a awesome coffee shop in downtown mesa !
1	great place to grab a cup of coffee and hang out .
1	staff has always been quick , friendly , and very welcoming .
1	i 'd recommend checking them out !
1	it is charming and the people are wonderful to work with !
1	it was a real treat meeting teachers carrie and robin .
1	love this place !
1	the patio is so relaxing , and beautiful !
1	the loose leaf tea is great .
1	great eats here too .
1	the place is very clean and the coffee `` yummy ! ''
1	worth trying !
1	perfect atmosphere , perfect staff , perfect location , perfect drinks .
1	good coffee , fresh & very tasty food .
1	they make you feel like part of the family .
1	my favorite place to get coffee !
1	they will remember your name and they are such nice people .
1	they know their coffee , and they have some great healthy lunch options .
1	what a pleasant surprise !
1	if you ever get the chance check this place out !
1	this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside .
1	i love this quaint little place !
1	beautiful , quiet little place .
0	went in tonight and the place was empty but the food was so good .
1	owners are great and the home made breakfast pastries are divine .
1	such a cute little spot in downtown mesa .
1	this place is a gem !
1	great prices .
1	two thumbs up !
1	treat yourself if you have not been to this wonderful caf !
1	highly recommend !
1	excellent sandwiches and friendly service in a historic place !
1	the food is good , the drinks are good and the service is good .
1	the prices are very affordable - its worth a try at least once !
1	it is so cute !
0	loved my sandwich !
1	love it !
1	thanks for another great experience !
1	now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing .
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	the employees are always friendly and welcoming .
1	one of my friend 's super cute finds in the heart of downtown mesa !
1	dog friendly !
1	very pleasant .
1	they are open late , always friendly and have good fresh food .
1	their prices are very reasonable as well .
1	this great taco truck uses fresh ingredients !
1	omg the food at this place was amazing .
1	see sage , the owner .
1	nicole did my girls back , she is great .
1	trevor 's work is clean and accurate .
1	great personality , amazing skill set , great prices , flawless work .
1	trevor is absolutely amazing .
0	was extremely happy .
1	i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
1	this is a rarity i have seen in other shops .
1	i always go see tony and love his work .
1	all the staff are very pleasant and accommodating .
1	thanks again tony !
1	love my tattoo !
1	for piercings i highly recommend justin ( goes by oj there ) .
0	she did my daughters piercing , was super cool and friendly .
1	very clean and comfortable place .
1	i worked with anthony on my tattoo and i love it !
1	thanks again anthony !
1	she did an excellent job and i would definitely recommend people there !
1	super informative , quick , nice and calm , and funny too !
1	thanks again oj !
1	it is fun and homey .
1	fun place !
1	check it out !
1	the wait staff is always friendly too !
1	this is one of my favorite dive bars in the area .
1	impressive shot menu as well .
1	amazing .
1	prices are good too .
0	i got some of wings and their steak sandwich ( thursday special ) .
1	all in all pretty good !
1	other than that great place !
1	this bar is n't young and hip but it is a blast !
1	good food .
1	mellow people .
1	we come visit twice a month atleast for wing sunday !
1	they are very friendly and helpful .
1	they always treat you very kindly and do all they can to help people .
0	they were fair , friendly and professional .
1	i would definitely return and recommend them to a friend .
1	very friendly , clean , and fun to work with .
1	great service and nice people .
1	awesome customer service friendly knowledgeable staff !
1	great place to get a gift or jewelry .
1	there 's games a plenty to watch and a jukebox .
1	they also offer a shuttle ride to the ball park .
0	it was delicious !
1	i would recommend this place to everyone : ) .
1	i need a filling , i get a filling .
1	dr thompson is the most caring amd compassionate dentist i have ever met .
1	i highly recommend east valley dental care .
1	thank you for everything !
1	very competent , compassionate & friendly staff .
1	vca emergency was amazing !
1	this is an amazing place to take your pet !
1	i would definitely recommend vca .
1	i will definitely go back to this one .
1	they are just fantastic there .
1	fabulous experience .
1	the customer service and pricing at camping world is excellent .
1	i love everything there , the rellenos are great .
1	i also love the candies they give out at the door .
1	eat here now , the prices constantly go up !
1	the atmosphere is great with great food .
1	i would recommend sharing there .
0	the bass was nicely blackened , the shrimp flavorful .
1	it 's great ... .
1	great place , otherwise !
1	the interior is pedestrian at best , but still a pleasant environment .
0	the owners greeted us and remembered us from our previous visit .
0	both meals were excellent .
0	fast friendly service with quick refills on the excellent chips and fire roasted salsa .
1	my wife and i love this place !
1	the food is delish and the specials are great !
1	do yourself a favor ... check this place out !
1	this is my go-to place in my new neighborhood !
0	the food , drinks and service were all a+ .
1	and excellent margaritas .
0	the food was excellent and the live band was very good too .
1	march is a great time of year to visit the phoenix/scottsdale area !
1	enjoy !
1	the service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing .
1	the margaritas are great i love the guacamole and salsa .
1	i recommend this place to anyone .
1	it always works .
1	the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .
1	incredible .
1	besides all that , the food was amazing .
0	all five of us truly enjoyed our meals .
1	great for lunch , brunch , dinner or happy hour .
1	great service by gary .
1	very enjoyable and filling .
1	great place with great food .
1	i completely recommend this restaurant .
1	chips and homemade salsa are a great way to start .
1	will definitely go back again .
1	delicious everything from start to finish .
1	fun place with great food and ample portions .
1	good margs !
1	simply excellent food .
1	staff is very good .
1	family atmosphere is welcoming .
1	fun evening !
1	the food is fantastic and the service is excellent .
1	the stacked enchiladas are great and the margaritas are excellent too .
1	the staff is always friendly .
0	the service was excellent , no complaints !
1	good service .
1	great food .
1	i love having such a great place so close to home !
1	the bartenders are always on top of their game !
1	blue adobe has something for everyone .
1	one of the best southwest flavor meals i have had in the valley .
0	recommended by a local we had to check this place out .
1	words can not even begin to describe how truly amazingly delicious the food is .
1	the flavors are truly original , unlike anything i have ever tasted .
1	a steak , shrimp and an enchilada .
1	doing a happy dance now .
0	just got back from a great meal at blue adobe grille .
1	love this place !
1	awesome mexican food , cozy atmosphere , and live music !
1	blue adobe has quite an eclectic but tasty menu .
1	it 's just a nice neighborhood restaurant with a really unique menu .
1	the adovada and salsa is the best i 've had in az so far .
1	prices are very fair and service is great .
1	the weather is amazing and the patio is divine .
1	great food and team !
1	thanks for an awesome lunch !
1	very good .
0	everything was delicious and flavorful .
1	sooooo good !
1	really good , i like the vegetable enchiladas .
0	margaritas were fantastic .
0	the food was excellent .
0	both were really good .
1	every time we go the food is fantastic !
1	love the decor .
0	ashley was great !
1	yum it was delicious , i will be back for sure !
1	salsa is homemade and so good .
0	all the food was delicious !
1	the house salsa is homemade and very good as well .
1	great drinks and apps as well .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	but michael , the manager , is what won us over .
0	chips and salsa were delicious and margaritas too !
0	really enjoyed everything about this place .
1	the atmosphere was great and clean ( including a nice clean restroom ) .
1	also want to mention that the waitress was very attentive , helpful and pleasant .
1	love going to this place .
1	my family and i come here all the time .
1	staff and mike the owner are always great and accommodating !
1	please talk to your cleaning crew .
1	absolutely delicious , some of the best mexican we 've ever had .
1	their menu has many great choices .
0	service was excellent , and prices were a bargain .
1	had a great , fun dinner here last night celebrating my sister 's birthday .
1	the service is always great .
1	amazing service !
1	this may be our new favorite restaurant !
1	this is the place to go for great food .
0	the place was very clean and friendly staff .
1	bartender rob knows how to make our drinks perfectly the way we like .
1	tasty food , attentive but not overbearing waiter , live music - very nice .
1	definitely recommend the prickly pear margarita , frozen .
1	nice guy , great service , great food .
1	beautiful looking and very tasty food .
1	the menu looks great , the food is good .
1	and found you could even purchase a jar to take home !
1	try one of the specialty margaritas , they are fabulous !
1	so delicious !
0	our server , austin was top notch .
1	the salsa is so flavorful .
1	amazing food .
1	the chip chop salads are the best !
1	the service is always friendly and is fairly quickly .
1	great food , margaritas and live music , on thursday night !
0	we started out with fresh guacamole a smoked salsa and chips .
1	nice way to enjoy dinner in the air conditioning .
1	the salsa is exceptional and i out on everything i had !
1	great variety in dishes , awesome service , and fantastic atmosphere .
1	i highly recommend minute man cleaners .
1	bob & minute man cleaners are `` amazing '' !
1	very professional and does an amazing job .
0	it was absolutely amazing !
0	the food was delicious , as we received many compliments from our guests .
1	the staff is very friendly .
0	we were guests to a lovely venue !
1	just terrific .
1	the service is great i will definitely come back when i need tires .
1	their service and quality are the best .
1	i guess customer service is alive and well at this store .
1	excellent service !
1	such a great place to burn rubber !
0	because he helped me when i needed help .
1	such a great place to burn rubber !
1	i recommend them to everyone .
1	i love discount tire .
1	really great service !
0	it was actually kind of fun !
1	there is always a wait but they are very friendly about it .
1	this is my favorite location in the valley .
1	very fast , honest and respectful .
1	they 're always straight up and try and give me the best deal possible .
0	the server was friendly , the food was good .
1	its not amazing , but strangely addictive .
1	amazing egg foo young ... the only place i will eat it !
1	it 's a good place to eat with the price they offer .
1	great price as well .
1	the guys are usually pretty cool and friendly .
1	they are honest too , which is a good quality in their industry .
1	all in all , good place to go for servicing your vehicle .
1	i will never stray again from goodyear due to a good coupon .
1	overall a good experience .
1	this is like ... .
1	great people , funny stories , happy customers its all you can ask for .
1	all in all a great experience .
1	abby is amazing !
1	abby is the best in the business !
0	tina was absolutely wonderful !
1	i am so happy with the work she has done .
0	she was fun to talk with and very knowledgable .
1	quality service with quality stylists , thumbs up !
1	great atmosphere .
1	tiny spent care cutting my hair and she was amazing .
1	i will definitely be a regular here !
1	i am so pleased that i found her and this salon .
1	friendly atmosphere and great service .
1	needless to say i 've found my new home for haircuts !
0	tiny did my hair and abby did my nails .
1	i love love love my hair .
1	best way to spend the morning .
1	it 's been here for several decades ... and it shows .
1	fresh chips and salsa and fabulous green chile .
1	the letter d crisp and green chili burrito are my top choices !
0	this was our first time to this place and it was great !
1	their hot sauce alone is worth the drive .
1	this is something special .
1	i crave it all the time .
1	nothing fancy , just good old fashion mexican food .
1	ohhh and the shredded beef tacos are the best i 've ever had .
1	it 's not the same owners , but the food is really good .
1	love this restaurant and always will .
1	you need to get past that and enjoy the food .
1	family friendly place is always a plus in my book !
1	great way to run a business .
1	authentic !
1	this is good mexican food .
0	the salsa was also fantastic .
1	so delicious !
1	it 's comfort food !
1	love this place !
1	and the chips and hot sauce is so good !
1	i highly recommend them to anyone !
1	classy .
1	great location at the end of the line of the light rail .
1	great pool and hot tub .
1	very friendly people .
1	and most importantly i felt very safe as a single female traveling alone .
1	this park was very clean , staff friendly and accommodating .
1	and the fish taco is in a class by itself .
1	also , our waiters have always been really friendly .
0	the red salsa was great .
1	looks like a hole in the wall but it 's pretty good .
1	good service , good food , good prices .
0	pretty sure i just had the best shrimp burrito i 've ever had .
1	and the bathrooms are adorable !
1	very quick & quite good .
1	prices are decent , as well .
1	thank you yelp reviewers .
1	nice menu , quality food , friendly service and a solid happy hour .
1	strong margaritas .
1	nice , casual atmosphere and above average , varied and large mexican dishes .
1	great local restaurant .
0	the flan was the best flan i ever had !
1	the food is delicious .
1	great food .
1	overall ... really good !
1	hands down best traditional mexican food in az !
1	green salsa and enchiladas monterey are amazing !
1	its the perfect place for a group as they accommodate large parties and kids .
1	we love rosa 's !
1	a simple cheese crisp but made on a tortilla that stays crispy .
0	everything tasted great and was very fresh .
1	best margarita !
0	rosa 's was the perfect choice .
1	it is in a rundown strip mall but the food is great .
1	some of the best mexican food i 've eaten in a long time !
1	green salsa is soooo good !
1	great little mexican joint .
1	we 'll definitely be back !
1	it 's great good , the alcohol is great too !
1	highly recommend if you 're nearby , and have a desire for mexican food .
1	good food fair price !
1	great food !
1	we 'll definitely return .
1	love this place , could eat there every day !
1	i love this place , so friendly , always greeted with a smile .
1	love , love , love this place !
1	a friend who lives nearby brought us here for a late lunch .
1	we left full and happy and will be back for sure .
1	thank you rosa 's !
1	red chili beef and pork soooo good .
1	ten bucks a piece , nice that they do ala carte .
1	i love trim time !
1	awesome !
1	we trust her and the cuts are always perfect .
1	the staff is friendly , the shop is clean and very modern .
1	these folks are the real deal and worth every penny and more .
1	the workers are courteous and truly care about their customers .
1	i want everyone to go and see randy !
0	best place in the valley to get your brakes worked on or replaced .
1	ca n't recommend highly enough !
1	go see these guys !
1	best kept secret in town .
1	i love people who respect my time !
1	these guys rock the best prices in town !
1	i highly recommend this shop .
1	i would recommend this shop for any exhaust work .
1	super friendly and knows a thing or two about customer service .
1	great work !
1	as well as having a big heart just like me !
1	my family and i think this is the best church .
1	very comfortable and family friendly .
0	the visiting pastor treated me nice and answered my questions .
1	they 're terrific !
0	went out and got food and came back .
1	everything is perfect .
1	thanks jeff !
0	these guys were able to fit me in quickly and did a good job .
1	this guy runs a good shop , does great work , and is honest .
0	i told him what i wanted and they got to work .
1	price is very reasonable .
1	thank you so much !
1	you can definitely tell that they do a lot of event planning .
1	their pricing is all reasonable and they 're very detail oriented .
1	what it makes this church special is the community they have .
1	good hours , great location , and they speak good english too !
1	i love this place !
1	the nail techs are very kind and courteous , and they take their time .
1	great service and kind staff .
1	we take all our commercial as well as my personal vehicles here .
1	jeff and his crew take care of you like you 're family .
1	able to accommodate me .
1	they have delivered in a timely fashion .
1	grateful i found them for these family projects , and u will be too .
1	talk about great customers service !
1	i 'd recommend to anyone and ill be using them again !
1	he has my wedding , babies , memories , first home , etc ... .
1	good service and prices keep us coming back .
1	the best mechanic in the state of arizona .
1	they are honest , do a great job and are super accommodating !
1	and love that they take good care of my baby .
1	thank you guys great jobs well done !
1	these guys are amazing !
1	this place is awesome !
1	i really love this place .
1	this is the best yarn store in the metro area .
0	the staff are experienced and well informed .
1	fantastic place and very helpful and knowledgeable staff .
1	same perfect cut every time .
1	gives a perfect fade .
1	best barber i 've ever come across .
1	great to meet you mickey !
1	excellent traditional barber shop feel .
1	he works so fast also !
1	he is a wonderful asset to the downtown !
1	this guy is the real deal .
1	great barber !
1	will definitely be going back !
1	i recommend .
1	great little store .
1	good customer service .
1	thanks for all the great years of service .
1	it 's kind of off putting .
1	otherwise , everyone is really nice .
1	the atmosphere is more than pleasant and you ca n't beat the breakfast .
1	absolutely !
1	my favorite is the veggie melt sandwich .
1	well i love this place !
1	carl was a fantastic help and i will be returning .
1	i recommend this place more than anything else i 've ever recommended .
1	by far the best auto service center .
1	thank you , guys !
1	amazing job on my brakes .
1	best auto repair business in the valley .
1	i highly recommend to give them a try .
1	they even have a nice coffee maker .
0	went here for an uber inspection and they were fantastic .
1	thanks , the brake shop !
0	the service was fast and friendly !
1	definitely will return !
1	i 'll definitely be back .
1	i 'd definitely recommend anyone to get their vehicle repaired here .
1	juke box !
1	good bar .
0	it had a nice crowd .
1	they have good bar food .
1	this is the by far the best of the lot .
1	chill environment , great people , ok food , amazing drinks !
1	i love coming here .
1	good beer prices .
1	decent specials .
1	excellent drinks and good food in a casual atmosphere with a terrific staff .
0	great tables , clean and laid back people .
1	the new tv 's are a great addition .
1	great prices , specials and relaxed environment .
1	i 'll keep coming here as long as they stay open !
1	well cared for tables that play great !
1	i find myself saying `` hope to see you soon ! ''
1	see you out there !
1	ah , salt river .
1	if that 's the case , they are wonderful .
1	it 's super easy and affordable .
1	keep the river clean !
1	this is one of the greatest values left in america .
0	the river was not to crowded and the water was beautiful .
1	such a blast !
1	this place has been the best part of living in the desert !
1	river shoes is a must !
1	bring booze and beers and a cooler !
1	what a riot !
1	go and have a good time !
1	i always have a great time !
1	so much fun though !
1	everyone is drinking and having a good time .
1	the best way to spend ur summer in the desert !
1	bring plenty of water , sunscreen , and a hat !
1	it is very beautiful and the water was pretty cold .
1	great combo for the adventure .
1	one of my favorite things to do in summer .
1	we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
1	good times !
1	you 'll see why once you get there .
1	lots of fun and good memories !
1	god ai n't no joke people .
1	so happy this is one of his annual trips .
1	pros : this place is so fun !
1	the river is a great spot to chill with and make new friends .
1	bring sunscreen !
1	the scenery is incredible and there was so much wildlife and amazing views !
1	the staff was friendly and courteous and the price is very reasonable .
0	we saw several wild horses and lots of beautiful scenery !
1	it 's a first class event .
1	beautiful scenery and friend staff .
1	this is a great experience !
1	really beautiful _num_ minute nature cruise .
1	i do n't know his name but his music truly made the trip .
1	highly recommend .
1	the snack and water in the boat is super affordable unlike other boat rides .
0	he was very well spoken and made the trip enjoyable .
1	i would definitely recommend this to other visitors in the area .
0	it was so much fun suck a beautiful lake !
1	relaxing and fun .
0	absolutely loved this tour !
1	good experience , beautiful views ; would recommend .
1	been on here a few times and it 's amazing every time !
1	definitely the highlight of my arizona trip .
1	the drive out is very nice from phoenix , very easy to find .
0	once i even purchased a battery from them and their mobile van service .
1	thank you thank you thank you !
1	free travel guides and maps : ) ahhh so worth the membership !
1	best of all road side assistance !
1	we are happy customers who highly recommend your diverse aaa of arizona service !
1	this is a fantastic location , especially because of teresa m !
1	she is so friendly , helpful and knowledgeable .
0	help was great .
1	thanks !
1	receptionist very helpful and friendly .
1	an a+ experience in terms of courtesy and helpfulness .
1	i will tell everyone i know to come here !
1	very nice aaa office in the safeway shopping center .
1	very friendly staff that can take care of most travel needs .
1	better service , better quality - thank you robert !
0	they were great , friendly , and down to earth .
1	i really do appreciate that .
1	best dentist i have been to so far !
1	they remember me every time !
1	simple and fantastic .
1	plain n simple , delicious .
1	the sandwiches are tasty , price is ok .
1	this place beats subway any day .
1	this place is classic .
1	they 've been here forever and they 're super nice people .
1	it is a drive for me but their subs are worth it .
1	one of my all time favs .
1	love love the wallpaper market !
1	from phx it is kind of a hike , but totally worth it !
1	love the wallpaper market .
1	worth the drive .
1	it 's especially nice that we live practically right next door .
1	truly a beautiful store .
1	store is always super clean and the employees are very helpful and kind .
1	everything from organic produce to a fresh sushi bar .
1	prices are very reasonable and weekly sales are a great deal .
1	will always come back !
1	i will continue to come back .
0	i love it here so much .
1	seeing my food made is awesome !
1	it 's always clean and the store is always set up nicely .
1	it 's a great fry 's .
1	definitely will be back .
1	the bakery is usually my favorite part ... or the sushi !
1	i like it !
1	the people who work here are really nice .
0	well recommended .
1	we 've been there twice , and both times we have had excellent service .
1	i always look forward to my next visit .
1	the service was amazing .
1	the food is always great and came in a good amount of time .
1	eat at the bar !
1	the guy and gal team that is here makes the place .
0	totally not necessary but greatly appreciated !
1	good steak for a good value !
0	made to order and so yummy !
1	outback has always had great steaks , great service for a decent price .
0	great food , had lobster and steak tonight .
1	yum yum !
1	the food and service at this location has always been top notch .
1	this is the perfect dinner date place .
1	i will send friends , relatives and i 'll be back soon myself .
1	i love the happy hour menu and prices .
1	kendra really knows her stuff !
1	i recommend them to anyone !
1	they are professional and timely !
1	food is high quality and fresh every time .
1	the service is great too and they keep the place clean as well .
1	the food is delicious , but the atmosphere leaves something to be desired .
1	their shredded beef chimichangas are excellent as well .
1	it 's definitely a favorite .
1	we have never had a wait and the food comes so fast !
1	we love it !
1	the green chili is my favorite .
1	their mini appetizer platter is delicious and i usually eat it as a meal .
1	wonderful experience .
1	i order the cheese enchiladas everytime , so good .
1	their home-made tortillas are great too .
0	kyle even helped accommodate my son 's special requests .
0	i called the manager afterwards to compliment kyle because he certainly deserved the recognition .
1	they 're that perfect mix of professionalism and funny too .
1	he 's lightning quick , ultra precise , and super reasonable .
1	carl is the best barber i have ever had .
1	awesome haircut and great conversation .
1	two thumbs up for carl !
0	very friendly , great old fashioned feel .
1	this is a sweet little spot in a strip mall .
1	everyone is so great and and wonderful customer service .
1	the variety of all the desserts is amazing and it tastes fresh .
1	always fresh .
1	their staff is always courteous and helpful , as well .
1	pretty good and a true value for that price .
1	overall , kinda pricey , but i love this place !
1	i highly recommend their sandwiches .
1	it is also quite large , especially for the price !
1	the produce quality has been pretty good lately .
1	great prices on beer if you buy what 's on sale .
1	they have great produce at this location .
1	enjoy the store and the prices .
1	- good prices .
1	it 's usually pretty quiet , which i appreciate .
1	1st time going there & i loved it !
1	great salon !
1	i will return !
1	i have been coming here for about _num_ months and love it !
1	definitely will be back .
1	stellar place .
1	they are fantastic !
1	i normally enjoy coming here .
0	the feet , legs and quick shoulders massage was great !
1	pretty nice store .
1	it looks brand new and very clean .
1	the office even smells good !
1	love the online account access also .
1	very helpful .
1	thanks for a pleasant experience .
1	very friendly staff !
1	finally some answers !
1	great staff , very polite and helpful .
1	now , i refer family , friends , and neighbors .
1	great service from great people !
1	i would recommend them to anyone .
1	great people !
1	he deserves a raise !
1	the facility is very clean and spacious .
1	on a consistent basis .
1	thorough and helpful .
1	thank you for your kind spirit and amazing customer service .
1	always fresh and good value .
1	also well stocked groceries & products !
1	excellent & friendly customer service !
1	great service all around .
1	we absolutely love our screens .
1	his amount of years gives shows on his thorough all assessment of his patients .
1	i highly recommend him if you 're having any issues whatsoever with your feet .
1	i would definitely recommend his office to anyone !
1	for the most part , this taco bell has been great .
1	the food here is like what you see in the commercials !
1	it always gives you a ton of food !
1	taco bell is amazing .
1	i always get extra chipotle sauce in mine and just one fills me up .
1	that 's great because a lot of places do n't which is n't fun .
1	it 's probably the best mt dew out there .
1	i love taco bell !
1	best employees out if any fast food restaurant , always leave happy .
1	always smiling and nice !
1	great service and a good cut for a very reasonable price .
1	i just love her !
1	they also have a wide selection of products to buy .
1	i highly recommend them for all your style needs !
1	love them !
1	i recommend these guys !
1	awesome service from chris in the service department .
1	this is my favorite volkswagen service department .
1	he is very professional and honest as he always recommends what i truly need .
1	totally listens and understands my concerns and answers any questions i have .
1	has consistently gone over and above for me .
1	great job and thank you .
1	the prices are right too .
1	they have always been a great !
1	friendly patrons , friendly bartenders , and fair prices .
1	i love the place !
1	lady di is the best bartender i 've ever had anywhere .
1	yes , please .
1	everyone in here has a story to tell and i find it quite entertaining .
1	good service and great drink prices .
1	what a great bar .
1	very caring family i highly recommend .
1	their prices are quite reasonable and they definitely care about animals and people alike .
1	an incredible vet !
1	great haircuts time after time for a good price .
1	great friendly staff .
1	she is the best !
1	i highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a good haircut .
1	wonderful location , actual trees ... no mall ... $ _num_ soda machine .
1	great spot !
1	i will be returning .
1	my family always loves coming here to this great neighborhood pizzeria .
1	thanks , barro 's !
0	wings were juicy , perfectly spiced , the pizza ?
1	crisp , buttery crust , fresh toppings and everything was piping hot .
1	very happy tonight after many bad experiences with other places .
1	great pizza , fast delivery and the staff is always friendly .
1	goes great with pizza and hot wings .
1	it 's very clean , friendly staff , and consistently awesome thin crust pizza .
1	love this place !
1	my husband has been eating here for years and its a family favorite .
1	great service too !
1	love the pizza and wings !
1	friendly service every time you go in , and good delivery service !
1	one of the best pizza spots in the area !
1	love the pizza and wings !
1	honey hot and the teriyaki wings are my favorite .
1	friendly service every time you go in , and good delivery service !
1	one of the best pizza spots in the area !
1	the beer is priced very well and includes local brews .
1	barro 's is always awesome .
1	best wings in town !
1	pizza is loaded with toppings , great taste .
1	crust is perfectly fluffy and chewy .
1	ranch is delicious .
1	so happy they deliver to our home !
1	friendly staff .
1	their dressings are fantastic !
1	very good .
1	best pizza hands down .
1	they also have some of the best wings out there .
1	seriously the best place for lunch .
1	the pizza is always good but i wanted to try something else .
1	nice neighborhood restaurant !
1	and the prices are way reasonable !
1	i will definitely go back .
1	they have a wonderful selection of books and cards .
0	i felt a huge welcoming , like a feeling when your with family .
1	dr. cook and the staff are great .
1	i highly recommend cook dental to anyone looking for a great dentist .
1	great experience !
0	he seemed confident and knowledgeable as well .
1	the staff is super friendly and its always a great experience !
1	will definitely recommend to others .
1	everyone at this office are wonderful !
1	i would definitely recommend them to all of my family and friends !
1	and i can usually handle spice !
1	great restaurant and amazing pizza !
1	i will definitely be returning soon !
1	i ca n't say enough about this place .
1	i love their food and it is always consistent .
1	do n't let their tiny little shop fool you - the food is fantastic .
1	my favorite by far !
1	love , love , love this pizza !
1	delicious food !
1	excellent service .
1	great pizza deals .
1	i love this place .
1	this is the best pizza in mesa .
1	good service and clean .
1	the best menudo in town !
1	always fresh and good prices but it 's just fantastic .
1	very good ingredients .
1	the food is fast and very good .
1	and the owners are so nice !
1	this little family place has a nice clean kitchen and legit mexican food .
1	i would love to have you !
1	we are thrilled that he has his own practice now .
1	thank you !
1	ron , the vet tech is amazing and very knowledgeable .
1	they treat their patients like family !
1	the staff here is absolutely wonderful and caring !
1	and my little bruce absolutely loved visiting ron .
1	this place is super friendly and helpful !
1	i highly recommend mesa northeast animal hospital !
1	they truly care about their furry patients as well as the pet parents .
1	he and his staff are extremely caring , sensitive and knowledgeable !
1	my favorite chinese place in mesa !
1	all in all a great place for your next chinese meal !
1	china china is my favorite chinese restaurant in mesa .
1	i love going places where they remember me !
1	they always remember us when we come in .
1	go there , eat & be merry .
1	i promise !
1	this restaurant has and always will be my favorite .
1	love this place .
1	very happy with the service .
1	best salon in town .
1	worth every penny !
1	cosmo salon n day spa is a first class act !
1	their front desk is always on point .
1	the color and cut have always been fabulous !
1	it is such a relief to find a professional that listens .
1	it 's the only salon i will let touch my hair !
1	the salon has a great vibe and friendly atmosphere .
1	i have been going here about _num_ years and they always exceed my expectations .
1	the best prices makes it even better !
1	jamie does a great job with my cut and color .
1	love !
0	had a great experience here .
1	i 've always received great customer service at this location .
1	i love jamba juice .
1	cold , fruity , delicious , fast .
1	i love my pedicure , purple is so hot right now .
1	im glad its still open and provides great smoothies !
1	well ... always get the orange whip .
1	the owner is an incredible individual .
1	but hey , if it works , keep doing it !
1	everyone is friendly and knowledgeable .
1	i would recommend this place to friends and family .
1	thanks for being honest and easy to deal with !
1	awesome prices .
1	definitely give them a try !
1	the owners are very friendly and professional .
1	i 'm a regular here and would recommend this place to all my friends .
1	i liked it , so i 'm giving it _num_ stars .
1	one of my favorite choices .
1	just got two orders of crazy bread tonight and it 's freaking delicious .
1	she is accomodating , detailed , specific and she works her tail off .
1	suzanne 's is a great spot for a bride on any budget .
0	suzanne was very friendly and easy to work with .
1	would definitely recommend this place as a first stop for bridal shopping .
1	great selection , great service , great experience .
1	they are upfront and cheerful and happy to help .
0	she made me feel like an important client .
0	she let us talk a bit and then shared what she thought as well .
0	she made the process very easy and did a great job .
1	it looked amazing and i am so happy !
1	love suzanne and her staff .
0	it was such a great time and no one was pushy .
1	i am so happy i ended up finding the one !
1	her boutique has a fabulous selection of designer brands !
1	would definitely recommend !
0	suzanne did a fantastic job on my gown in a very short time frame .
1	worth every penny .
1	suzanne 's was amazing !
1	the perfect dress , the perfect hours , the perfect seamstress !
1	dear to my heart .
1	thank you !
1	thank you !
0	overall , suzanne 's was a great experience .
0	we enjoyed a good meal here at denny 's .
1	we always eat here for breakfast the food is excellent .
0	our server , judy was a delight , full of energy .
1	they did an excellent job of handling her and she came back looking beautiful .
1	we have always been happy with the service .
1	we always use rosa and she does a great job .
1	she is very friendly and sweet with our dog bear .
1	thanks alex !
1	the groomers are friendly and are great with our little pups .
1	penny is amazing !
1	easy to get to and quick turn around .
1	nice polite staff .
1	this is an excellent chinese food restaurant .
1	their pepper steak is good and they have great fried shrimp .
1	the food is really good .
1	my wife and i will share next time .
1	bring the whole family and create fond memories for your kids too !
1	the food is good , fast , and affordable !
1	thanks !
1	i am happy to have found sweet and sour pork .
0	the last chinese restaurant that i loved closed .
1	best chinese food in the area .
1	will definitely be coming back .
1	the staff are extremely knowledgable and their selection is outstanding .
1	they have the best prices in the valley .
1	food is good every time i have come here .
1	they also have great fudge .
1	a very good little shop .
1	great service , great food , this is my kind of place .
1	they always have a good lunch .
1	i recommend the the works and any bowl of soup .
1	fantastic plants , friendly and informative staff .
1	would recommend visiting this place just to tour their lush grounds and relax .
1	best place to take your car for repair bar none .
1	save a ton of money over dealers prices , super honest !
1	great store !
1	i really love this baby boutique !
1	thorough , professional and great pricing all in one spot .
1	which makes me happy !
1	thank you so much !
1	needless to say i am a very happy patient of theirs .
1	everything is prepared just right .
1	like really friendly .
0	our waiter was attentive , friendly and had a good sense of humor .
0	i thought that was nice because he spent the time to talk to us .
1	great customer service .
1	but besides that , i am very pleased !
1	i love the tri tip kabob plate with the rice .
1	great place for the value .
0	the fries are wonderful as was said by another reviewer .
1	fantastic choice by me !
1	great little mom & pop gyros place .
1	the portions are huge and the food is always tasty and fresh .
1	one of the best gyro places in arizona !
1	fantastic gyros , amazing fries and mushrooms !
1	good food , chicken plate is well seasoned and portions are great .
1	owners are super nice .
1	i suggest folks to give this place a try .
1	family operated and you can tell !
1	great food great service for over a decade .
0	straight up best gyros !
0	the food was fresh , delicious and exceeded our expectations .
1	i would highly recommend and will definitely be back .
1	great gyros !
1	nice salad and great rice too !
1	i love this place and will always come back .
1	they are the best .
1	i love this place !
1	love this place - hidden gem .
1	best tzatziki sauce around !
1	i highly recommend gyros place !
1	amazing !
1	we love this place .
1	it 's always a great meal and pleasant visit .
1	the food is hot and the serving sizes are huge and good .
1	they 're very warm and welcoming .
1	it 's small yet they make you feel right at home .
1	the falafel is good and the gyros are amazing .
1	great place .
1	i am so glad this little gem is close to work .
1	keep up the good work !
1	erica is an excellent stylist .
1	this is a good shop - recommended for anyone looking for a cut .
1	this is my favorite thrift store around .
1	good roast beef .
1	excellent roast beef , the big max is the best .
1	we will defiantly be back thanks again !
1	it costs more than the national chains but it is so much better .
1	amazing !
0	i found this place on yelp .
1	it 's worth a visit !
1	excellent selection of produce - fresh fruits at great prices !
1	fresh food !
1	this place is the best .
1	great variety of produce .
1	great place to shop , buy what you will use within a few days .
1	this is the first place i go when shopping for produce !
1	they also have delicious local breads and candies .
1	so much cheaper than the grocery !
1	and such inventory !
1	this place is amazing .
1	the prices here are worth the risk and you get what you pay for .
1	they are no larger than a lemon and are absolutely divine .
0	a bargain shoppers delight !
1	i love this place !
1	that is a good thing , right ?
1	bar none this is the cheapest place to get fresh vegetables .
1	awesome place .
0	it 's a small little place and it was packed with people .
1	this place is great !
1	there 's always fresh produce here .
1	prices are amazing .
1	great prices and great produce .
1	the hubs and i accidentally found this place while heading to an antique store .
1	this place is a hidden gem .
1	just make sure you plan to cook / eat everything soon .
1	it is definitely worth the drive for me to save so much money .
1	definitely check it out !
1	great !
1	but this place is wonderful .
1	sunshine rocks ( in a beer budget way ) !
1	what a surprise !
1	mesa needs this theatre in our community bringing musical and concerts to our residents .
0	we saw annie get your gun at the palms theatre .
1	reasonable price tickets and a delightful show .
1	give it a try !
1	this place is clean with great shows , cast and crew .
1	palms theatre is the place to go for a wonderful variety of entertainment .
1	staff and performers are fantastic .
1	this is a large store , clean and well lit .
1	the staff is friendly , and the parking lot is large .
1	all the food is wonderful , though .
1	this is great attention to detail .
1	come , enjoy , and get fat !
1	best .
1	great food .
1	impeccable service .
1	this is my first review and a well deserved one !
0	it was right on spot !
1	best food & wine in mesa !
1	what a great place .
0	food was great !
1	this little place is a treasure .
1	the food and service are both great !
1	excellent food at reasonable prices .
1	great service .
1	this restaurant is quality in every aspect !
0	the food was delicious and the host was terrific as were the servers .
0	nicely appointed little restaurant with a great menu .
1	soup , salad , entree and even the deserts are prepared to perfection .
0	tonight 's visit was the perfect way to celebrate my wife 's birthday .
1	`` wine tasting director '' very good , with tasty selections .
1	small but sweet little family restaurant with authentic italian food !
1	the ambiance is super cute and the service is top notch .
1	atmosphere is okay .
1	staff is tops !
1	their food and service is excellent .
1	just one thing it is small and quaint .
0	and service was great .
1	ridiculously fantastic authentic italian food .
1	fantastic place for a nice date night , the perfect hidden gem .
1	small , quaint and the food is awesome .
1	great authentic italian food .
0	hidden gem , tucked behind applebee 's , outstanding food , atmosphere and service .
1	absolutely delicious !
1	plus , staff & owner very friendly & attentive .
1	his pasta selections are amazing ... each one of them !
1	this place is amazing !
1	the service is amazing and the owners are amazing .
1	i highly recommend this place for a great date night !
1	this is great italian food and wine .
0	we sat on the patio and it was great .
1	this is a gem here in mesa .
1	the salads are so fresh the seafood is delicious and the pasta is amazing .
1	you ca n't go wrong with anything there and the portions are very generous !
1	a fine neighborhood bistro .
1	we will hit it again next time we are in town .
1	would recommend - great food !
0	we started off with the bruschetta and it was different but delicious .
0	oh yes , the service was very good too .
1	hands down best italian in the valley .
1	the food is incredible .
1	highly recommend .
1	this is a small restaurant tucked away in a strip mall of all places .
1	this place is wonderful !
1	its a gem !
1	the gnocchi is excellent .
1	dinner was amazing !
0	the staff were all very friendly , helpful and well mannered .
0	it was romantic and the staff was helpful and friendly !
0	as always the food was fantastic .
0	we were very pleased .
1	adorable little italian restaurant with very very very attentive wait staff .
1	this restaurant is a hidden gem .
1	it 's is always great !
1	nice decor , huge wine selection if that 's your thing .
1	a lovely dinner outside on the patio .
1	thanks !
1	good customer service as well.
1	will definitely recommend to clients .
1	authentic flavors , great wine , friendly staff .
1	quality is so much more than the chain italian restaurants .
1	excellent food and wine .
1	top notch for my wife and myself .
1	the food ( and drink of course ) is always amazing .
1	will definitely be back .
1	the food here is top notch - everything they make is amazing .
0	we were both very impressed .
1	enjoyable night .
1	would highly recommend to anyone .
1	we will definitely be coming back !
0	the bartender made a really good wine bottle recommendation that was spot on .
1	my favorite place !
1	great food and awesome service .
1	the restaurant is much bigger inside than it looks .
1	the prices are good , portions are large and atmosphere is nice .
1	amazing food and service .
1	this is a very special place to go .
1	i highly recommend this restaurant .
1	have always enjoyed our visits here .
1	amazing food , great service and awesome dessert !
1	friendly staff .
0	tiramisu was awesome as well .
1	we shall return and surely recommend to friends .
1	i have always had a good experience here .
1	i highly recommend !
1	i highly recommend them .
0	honest air installed a new a/c unit for us last spring .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	they are fast , i received a quote and install date same day .
1	i highly recommend honest air .
1	new ownership is awesome .
1	store has excellent customer service and the ice cream is a must have .
1	will be back again !
1	thanks guys .
1	good service & lines move pretty quick when their busy .
1	moderate price range , but we 'll worth the money .
1	this store is large , clean and bright .
1	great little place , looking forward to going back !
0	the gentleman who helped me was very helpful and very attentive .
1	wow talk about good customer service !
1	the food is yummy !
1	i love this place .
1	the best chinese food still around and good price .
1	its always very quiet there .
1	the tea is good .
1	something about that combination for me is soothing .
1	food is always delicious and the service is good .
1	we love the sweet & sour chicken and mongolian beef combo plates .
1	they always deliver the food quickly and hot .
1	best chinese takeout in the area .
1	the food is good .
1	my husband loves the food .
1	very good .
1	best eggroll in town !
1	this place has a great staff .
1	love the food .
1	i love the rice that ones with the combo .
1	what a cool , old-school barber shop .
1	friendly chat from the three barbers .
1	has a cowboy feel to it .
1	good , fast and cheap , yup you can have all three .
1	check it out !
1	very friendly atmosphere with the occasional funny joke .
1	it has the old school barber atmosphere that i appreciate and enjoy .
1	all the barbers are top notch .
1	i would recommend these guys to anyone .
1	very friendly bar .
1	shelly makes great drinks and always has a positive attitude .
1	the new guys in town !
1	that is important to me .
1	this is a biker friendly bar .
1	the service and prices are great .
1	well run school .
1	my son loves this school and is enjoying learning .
1	his teacher keeps us well informed and seems to really care about her students .
1	highly recommended !
1	they are ever upbeat and positive .
1	we highly recommend them .
1	the staff here is very friendly and efficient .
1	pretty good library overall .
0	they were very friendly and apologetic .
0	they checked everything and even vacuumed the car .
1	super fast .
0	got my oil done here the other day .
1	two guys working there and they were both very nice .
1	will definitely go here from now on .
1	i am beyond pleased with the service these guys do .
1	they are professional , friendly and their prices are super great !
1	i would recommend this place to anybody !
1	always service with a smile .
1	great costumer service and clean environment .
1	they are our personal first aid team and we are grateful they are here !
1	keep up the good work !
1	reasonable as well !
1	the bagels are the best i have had in the state of arizona !
1	it is well worth the stop !
1	the cheese bagels are the best around .
1	the prices are quite reasonable too !
1	fellow foodies : these bagels are the best bagels in all the land !
1	, and their toasted cheese bagels are amazingly delicious .
1	everyone i have brought here , has loved it .
1	they are so fresh and yummy .
1	i really love the arizona one .
1	great location and across the road is a really great gelato place too !
1	i love their cinnamon bagels and bagel sandwiches .
1	this place was great , i love the fact that it 's family owned !
0	i had the coffee cake and it was perfect .
1	my kids and i love the bagels here .
1	they are always fresh , chewy and delicious .
0	the bagels were very flavorful !
1	love their lox and bagel combo .
1	it 's a very relaxed atmosphere , the staff have always been friendly .
1	i love it !
1	nice bar .
1	we 've been a few times now and always have a great time .
1	other than the long wait to be seated , the restaurant is great .
1	the salad bar is exceptional as well .
1	rare to find such high quality authentic food .
0	we absolutely loved the food .
1	just , a great experience .
1	definitely worth a visit if you are in this area .
1	what a fun place .
1	pretty much anything on the menu is fantastic and worth the poor service .
0	the flavor and texture of the brats were spot on perfection .
1	just love the place .
1	very cozy and dimly lit place .
1	it has an old world feel .
1	it 's a nice place to celebrate an anniversary .
0	they came with boiled potatoes and fresh bread .
1	great food , drinks , atmosphere and service .
1	( or the bar ) your service is decent .
1	but seriously food is good .
1	big portions and top quality .
1	bavarian point is amazing .
1	naturally , we 've been coming here for years .
1	awesome staff !
1	open & inviting chair areas !
0	dr. was very kind !
1	good prices as well .
1	it 's very bright and cheerful here .
1	staff is super friendly .
1	these guys are the best .
1	this place is a gem .
0	this place was great !
1	i will definitely be back .
1	this place is awesome !
1	we are very pleased and we will be back !
1	it is very clean and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful .
1	the food is great !
0	we loved every bite and managed to eat about half of our massive portions .
1	the place has some real history if you read the story on the menu .
1	small place that makes you feel at home on the very first visit .
1	the food and the atmosphere bring back fond memories of great meals in germany .
1	this place is a great value , especially if you want to leave stuffed .
1	excellent home cooking german food .
1	great service and good food .
1	tasty hearty food .
1	decent for the price .
1	this place is just an all-around great experience .
1	love it !
1	the owner is actually from germany and the food seems authentic .
1	the food is amazing and big servings !
1	it 's a little pricey , but well worth it .
0	the meat was tender and delicious .
1	great german beer and food .
1	i will be back !
1	very good german food .
0	we had a party of _num_ and they had excellent service .
1	great beers on tap also .
0	the apple strudel was delicious as well .
1	great food and great beer !
1	good !
1	east mesa favorite .
1	this is a very cute restaurant , and has very authentic decor and food .
1	the service is very friendly , and the portions are huge .
1	very clean and friendly staff .
0	it was delicious .
1	great german food .
1	it 's really hard to find `` authentic '' german food in the states .
1	always crowded for sure and it 's a wee little restaurant .
1	but well worth it !
1	along with the beer , everything makes for a flavorful combination .
1	the best german food i have had in arizona .
1	i will gladly come back and enjoy a wonderful meal any time !
1	authentic !
1	so happy that they are here to stay .
1	all delicious and we will be back !
1	fabulous food and a warm , inviting atmosphere .
1	it reminds me of my grandparents house with some good home cookin ' !
1	the service and the food is always spot-on .
1	great inviting atmosphere !
0	the food was good , and priced great .
1	the place is small but i enjoyed that .
1	the food is worth any short wait you may experience .
1	we will definitely be returning !
1	this place is awesome !
0	our waitress was actually german , which made the whole experience really great !
1	best german food in town , live music on fridays .
1	we love it !
1	definitely my new go-to restaurant in the east valley !
1	i love this place !
1	the family are super nice , too .
1	you have to order the apple strudel , it 's the best anywhere !
1	thanks for such a great little mexican joint !
1	the chorizo and eggs are amazing .
1	the food is also authentic .
1	great place for good homestyle fast food .
1	pleasant and fast competent service .
1	delicious food for really good price .
1	as good as it gets .
1	amazing place , friendly staff .
0	all were good .
1	food is dirt cheap and so delicious .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	i really like the salsa bar too !
1	this is definitely one of the better fast food mexican restaurants .
1	my new favorite !
1	california burrito is amazing .
1	great service , best prices , much better than filibertos .
1	the best chicken and dumplings anywhere - absolutely anywhere !
1	the pancakes are delicious and pretty much everything i ordered was amazing .
1	love the food , customer service and the price .
1	the food is really good , as well as the prices .
1	they have the best chicken and dumplings and breakfast here is amazing .
1	good homemade desserts .
1	very impressed with depth of his knowledge and explanations .
1	always a great experience .
1	thank you for taking care of me and my family .
1	thank you for the sincere care .
1	dr kyle and his office staff are the best !
1	today it 's a whole new story !
1	good job guys !
1	highly recommended !
1	dr. hall is so kind and gentle .
1	dr. hall is as nice as it gets .
1	this is the first time i brought my cat to dr. hall .
1	i am very happy with the service so far .
1	dr. hall and his team of assistance are the best !
0	we just moved here from california , i found this veterinarian office on yelp .
1	one of the best decisions i 've ever made !
1	excellent customer service !
1	he is absolutely amazing and very sincere .
0	office staff was extremely nice and caring .
1	takes the time to listen and talk to you .
1	what a great experience .
1	the landscape is beautiful and the floor plans are generous .
1	great place to have a dog .
1	the woman at the drive up window very very nice .
1	good , honest , quick service .
1	discount tire will always be one of my favorite places to bring my business .
1	every single time i go in they are fast , friendly and professional .
1	an outstanding job .
1	would definitely recommend !
1	always happy to help .
1	highly recommend .
1	funny thing .
1	she recommended this place and they hd everything .
1	i recommend them for swimming .
0	the pedi was very efficient and done well .
1	very nice !
1	i totally trust her and my dog always looks so cute .
1	her shop is clean and she is a professional .
1	they care about my dog and do wonderful work .
1	that 's a good sign knowing that your dog loves it here .
1	always the best quality service .
1	i recommend the gel polish .
1	i love all the techs that work there .
1	excellent job on gel pink and white nails .
1	workers are very friendly and place is very clean .
1	i recommend this nail shop .
1	awesome staff .
1	best pedi ever .
1	the staff is very polite and friendly .
1	very professional , polite and friendly .
1	kevin gives the best hand massages !
1	love this place !
1	myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
1	best manicure i 've ever had !
1	i know she will love it !
1	been going here for years everyone is so friendly .
1	simply amazing !
0	she took her time and always asked if i was okay with everything .
1	very nice pedicure !
1	this is my new favorite spot to eat !
1	the lunch and dinner items are very good as well .
1	the dining area was very clean .
1	the breakfast burritos are still excellent .
1	the staff at this safeway makes it great .
1	pretty good .
1	the ice cream is very good and the smoothies are on point .
1	but the cakes are amazing !
1	other than that , it 's great !
1	the service is fast , friendly and efficient .
1	i will be back for a treat .
1	the ice cream is a chain so that is consistent .
1	these guys are great .
1	consistent clean car wash , good customer service .
1	they will even cook you a piece so you can try it .
1	the bakery is great as well ... pecans pies are great !
1	i love their restaurant too !
1	it is fresh , tender and delicious .
1	very tasty and great service !
1	midwest meats is an excellent place to buy all your meat products .
1	keep it up guys .
1	awesome !
1	that was one of the best burgers i 've had since moving to az .
1	best in quality , and selection !
1	a+ ... ... .
0	we absolutely loved the taste of our choice meats .
1	we plan to go back very soon , the restaurant is wonderful .
1	it 's a pie baked into the middle of a cake .
0	i got them for a graduation party and they were a huge hit .
1	excellent products at a fair price .
1	this is a great place to take out of town visitors too .
1	the homemade bakery items are very good too .
1	pleasant surprise , ambience is a little like eating at home .
1	good alternative to the normal deep fried menu you see at most places .
1	helpful and beyond friendly !
1	the office ladies are nice and work space is immaculately clean .
1	best dentist i have ever been too .
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
1	this is our go to service center for the whole fleet of family cars .
1	managers paul and david are both extremely helpful and involved in every job .
1	great service , timely and very professional .
1	it 's friendly , quick , and easy .
1	the employees are all very friendly and helpful .
1	great for fast food .
1	employees are nice and do a good job .
1	best arby 's around !
1	above average location for the most part .
1	they do an awesome job , wendy in particular is amazing !
1	wow !
1	their food is good , service is better .
1	any time of the day or day of the week , great service .
1	good menu choices for the kids , and fast service .
1	very nice and clean .
1	friendly .
0	think i found my new favorite dish .
1	the roasted potato side is cooked perfectly ... some crispy edges and fluffy centers .
1	the brisket enchiladas are really good .
1	the workers are very friendly , and the pool is very clean .
1	he is always honest and up front .
1	she 's all better and grateful to brown for all their efforts and compassion .
1	good job guys !
0	place was very clean .
1	definitely will come back to this place .
1	perfect little dive bar !
1	love g bar g and ... .
1	great prices and they have snack during the game .
0	this was our first experience here , and we were very pleased .
1	thanks !
1	you ca n't beat great service !
1	very honest and fair shop .
0	they did an awesome job .
1	i was n't there long at all and i do recommend this place .
1	thanks guys !
0	got an internet quote and set an appointment .
1	thanks again !
1	very professional courteous staff members .
0	we had absolutely excellent service here !
1	so far , so good .
0	given the negative reviews here , i felt i should post my positive experience .
1	so far so good !
0	my experience was good so i came back when i purchased my new car .
1	owners are very friendly , as was my installer .
0	i bought a groupon for this business and was very happy !
1	all around happy !
1	great service !
1	it will be worth the wait !
1	great groupon purchase !
1	very professional and friendly !
1	these guys are great !
0	highly recommended .
1	great experience here .
1	great customer service .
1	they are a top notch family owned company !
1	treat yourself to a visit and you will become a return customer .
1	i went and as always the job is great .
1	tina & danny run a nice place .
1	this church is like a mile away from us .
1	parking is good .
1	thanks !
0	easter morning was great at via church .
1	good for classes , nice equipment and a rock climbing wall to boot .
1	the views here are breathtaking and even the range and practice areas are perfect .
1	the course is pristine perfect including the greens and fairways .
1	gorgeous property and course .
1	the staff in the golf shop are friendly , accommodating , and very helpful .
1	worth a special trip when you are in phoenix .
0	had a wonderful dinner on the patio at sunset .
0	the service was very good too .
1	no frills , just nice fresh sushi !
1	very very good !
1	i am a huge fan !
1	i 've been there _num_ times now and still love it !
1	always delicious .
1	service is good .
1	fish is fresh .
1	their sashimi is great .
1	the octopus sashimi is my favorite !
1	the hawaiian roll was amazing !
1	this is my favorite sushi restaurant in arizona .
1	the food is fresh and full of flavor .
1	prices are really reasonable .
1	all items were very flavorful and something we would order again .
1	the rolls are always so fresh and so tasty .
1	we love it .
0	this was a great 1st experience at this sushi restaurant .
1	i will definitely be back for more .
1	love this sushi .
1	happy hour prices .
1	dinner comes with soup and salad .
1	this is one of mesa 's gems .
1	very quick and polite service .
1	the kee roll is my favorite roll but they are all amazing !
1	a very cozy and quaint little restaurant with truly delicious sushi !
1	happy hour is everyday until 6:30 .
1	the service and food are excellent .
1	i have been here many many times .
1	love the rolls her especially red dragon and viva vegas .
1	the portions are extremely generous with the little extras .
1	best service is right in front of the guy making the food .
1	the staff is amazing and food is always fresh .
1	do n't delay , hit sushi kee today !
1	best sushi in the area .
1	will always recommend this place to people .
1	it 's small , it 's intimate , very friendly and welcoming .
1	sushi kee will be our to go sushi spot .
1	this is a family favorite place .
1	the ladies are really nice .
1	soup is good too .
1	the arizona roll is my personal favorite .
1	friendly staff .
1	great food .
1	excellent food .
1	please tip nicely .
1	this has now become one of my favorite sushi places .
1	i am so happy that my wife told me about this place .
1	but this place is my new fav sushi spot !
1	they have great pricing and very good quality sushi .
0	this was our first time here and it was excellent !
0	everything we got was fresh and very good .
1	plus , everything goes on happy hour special prior to 6:30pm !
1	they are very friendly and always give me a gift at christmas .
1	the fish is very fresh and reasonably priced .
1	if you are wanting good sushi go here .
1	oh sushi kee , how i love thee !
1	i 've been coming here for years ever since a friend recommended it .
1	amazing sushi , amazing service !
1	great sushi , good variety , good pricing .
1	outside appearance is average but atmosphere inside is warm and inviting .
1	murphy roll is a warm roll that is definitely worth trying .
1	my favorite dish here is the dragon roll .
1	casual dining at it 's best .
1	first time with friends .
1	we have always enjoyed the atmosphere and food .
1	always good !
1	great menu .
0	came here for lunch with the family .
0	the food came out in a timely manner and was great !
1	would definitely recommend this ace to anyone .
1	that good .
1	food is always good and chef is very accommodating for special food needs .
1	might be a drive for most but definitely worth it .
1	i would highly recommend this restaurant .
1	well worth the trip from anywhere in the valley .
1	the food is consistently good .
1	the service is always very good .
0	the food had good flavor and variety .
1	absolutely love this restaurant .
1	with phenomenal views of phoenix .
1	amazing staff as well !
1	great prime rib .
1	the patio has great views especially at sunset .
1	they also have great holiday dinners for the family .
1	this place is great .
1	james provides great customer service and alterations .
1	the pricing is very reasonable .
1	we will definitely continue our business here .
1	they are usually super fast about it also , and reasonably priced .
1	i would def recommend him to anyone .
1	the installation was perfect and i now have a nice clear windshield .
1	owner more than satisfied with their employees knowledge and service .
0	all over experience was great and very convenient .
1	great customer service .
1	thanks again !
1	i will return for sure !
1	this place is great .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	the younger guys working are the a team !
1	their ice cream and ice cream sandwiches are fantastic !
0	i got the club and it was amazing !
1	the prices have barely gone up .
1	very delicious , super clean , and extremely polite !
1	great price and simple sandwiches .
1	excellent sandwiches , nice young adults working there .
1	super awesome in every way .
1	amazing sandwiches !
1	my favorite is the super sub !
1	i will definitely bring my vehicles back again !
1	good ending to be thankful for .
1	thank you david !
1	huge thank you to angel for saving our valentines evening !
1	very pleased .
0	jon was skilled and efficient .
1	i appreciate the service !
1	prompt , courteous and proficient .
1	awesome , fast and friendly service !
1	love that aaa partners with such great companies : ) thank you !
1	thank you , sonny !
1	quick and very friendly service .
1	thanks for the excellent service !
0	mario was great .
1	great service !
1	great service !
1	best tow ever !
1	thank you for saving me !
1	very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative .
1	i 'm very pleased - i 'd recommend them highly !
1	thank you !
1	excellent and fast service !
1	a+ customer service .
1	he replaced our battery and our vehicle is running smoothly .
1	thank you !
1	great service !
1	keep up the good work .
1	this is the best shooting range that i have been to .
1	i would recommend this to anyone of any level of expertise .
1	great place to come out and shoot on the weekends !
1	range masters have great sense of humor but know when to be serious .
0	really enjoyed the beautiful range .
1	thank you !
0	great range - been members for years !
1	great range .
1	very polite people and a cool environment .
1	it is quiet and i always feel safe .
1	the grounds are beautiful ... green grass and a lot of trees and shade .
1	the office staff are very friendly & helpful .
1	all the neighbors are really nice .
1	a wonderful experience thus far .
1	the pool and hot tub are kept clean .
1	comfortable and affordable apartment .
1	the grounds are well kept and the staff is friendly and professional .
1	it is quiet , clean , the apartments have an awesome layout .
1	if you 're looking for a good basic breakfast , this is the place .
1	good prices , free coffee with meal and great service .
1	is under new ownership and new management .
1	small and quaint , the servers are friendly .
1	food is good , coffee is hot .
1	great price , great food , nice staff.
1	keep up the good work !
1	best breakfast around .
1	if you are looking for great food and service come to this village inn !
1	the attention to customer satisfactory and the urgency to resolve is refreshing .
1	which is a bonus .
1	phenomenal service ( quick , friendly & reliable ) and prices .
1	i love this place .
1	amazing service !
1	you ca n't beat the price and the guys that work here are honest !
1	they are fast , friendly and above all , ethical .
1	this place has the best customer service of any place out here .
1	she loves those . )
1	everyone that works here is so happy and nice !
1	this place is awesome !
1	best tire shop in the valley !
1	great service , fast service .
1	awesome service great prices will always come back .
1	great , honest service with fair prices .
1	they always have the best prices and quality to offer .
1	friendly , fast service and great prices on used tires .
1	i highly recommend them for your tire needs .
1	thanks guys !
1	the team is fast and reliable .
1	rare indeed !
1	excellent quality furniture .
1	i will definitely go back again soon .
1	i 'd definitely recommend giving them a try .
0	they did a great job taking care of my car and what i needed .
1	i truly appreciate your help and understanding .
1	talk about great service !
1	love this place !
1	great breakfast joint .
1	they always make me feel at home .
1	would definitely recommend .
1	this place is great .
1	home cooking at it 's best !
0	we had a great waitress and eager pleasant service .
1	great price and good service .
0	the staff was courteous and professional .
0	from our initial phone call and conversation with patty our service was great .
0	the day of installation brought justin and roy to install .
1	honest , very knowledgeable and quick service .
1	very honest and helpful .
1	personal service , great prices .
1	a+ service and very speedy and affordable !
1	i highly highly recommend !
1	this is the best place to come and get your car repaired in mesa .
1	very happy with the service , price & honesty !
1	they treat their employees and their customers well .
1	i receive excellent service every time .
1	they are awesome !
1	letting cleaning people in my home takes a lot of trust .
1	thanks guys !
1	great job guys !
1	the staff is friendly .
1	thanks guys !
1	honest people , great prices .
1	very friendly people .
1	if you eat sweets , i also reccomend the rocky road .
0	i sure did n't but wow , these people were fantastic !
1	amazing customer service !
0	this was a full service place .
1	we will definitely be using them in the future .
1	great job ladies !
1	best water and ice !
1	they go above and beyond !
1	highly recommended !
1	yet another great experience here !
1	great staff great prices as always , thanks !
1	really great !
1	brandon is such a sweetheart !
1	wow !
1	always honest .
1	come here if you want an honest and hard working business .
1	the staff is super friendly and helpful .
1	best dentist i have ever been to !
1	his office staff is amazing and i love my hygienist !
1	the new doctor in this office is absolutely amazing .
1	she is the best hygienists i have ever worked with .
0	jennifer greeted us with a huge smile .
1	this is a good place for getting a hair cut .
0	i have been pleased with the haircuts my little boys have gotten here !
1	i literally love noble nails .
1	very good prices and staff is very nice & professional .
1	the staff is extremely friendly .
1	i will definitely be returning !
1	it 's been ages since i 've been to a bahama bucks !
1	i love pink bubble gum with cream .
1	warning : highly addictive !
1	sooo good !
1	a fun treat !
1	perfect for really hot summer days .
1	i plan on coming here again , hope my review helps you .
1	i love this place !
1	i love bahama bucks !
1	so yummy !
1	the shaved ice here is amazing .
1	good selection to choose from as well .
1	will definitely be returning .
1	great place .
0	very friendly and family oriented .
1	that stuff is amazing .
1	this place is amazing !
1	i 'm always greeted by name !
1	my kids and i love to go to bahama bucks !
1	the kids love it !
1	and after trying one of these icy treats i can see why !
1	they have a huge variety of flavors .
1	one gripe i have is that the tables were sticky .
1	love bahama bucks !
1	it 's our favorite family cold treat .
1	always love going to this place .
1	my new favorite cold treat .
1	great family treats , i love their new chocolate flavor with chocolate cream .
1	the employees are always super friendly .
1	great atmosphere !
1	great family place with tons of options .
1	highly recommend .
1	love this business !
1	a truly fantastic dental office ; the dentist is a consummate professional .
1	the staff is beyond polite and friendly .
1	otherwise i highly recommend new health dental .
1	the care is the best .
1	you are accommodating , flexible and our kids actually like going to the dentist !
0	stayed last year and it was great so reserved for this year too !
1	great , economical rates too !
1	lots of activities , clean facilities , great pools & hot tubs .
1	have been coming here for so long it 's the best .
1	what a hidden gem !
1	, as well as great iced tea and other drinks .
0	imagine my delight when a coworker directed me to the bread basket .
1	i love the bread basket !
1	fresh bread and fillings always with a pickle and chips .
1	i love bread basket !
1	please extend your open hours .
1	they are definitely animal lovers !
1	vito is a very nice man and is often seen at the restaurant .
1	highly recommended !
0	we stopped in here last night for dinner and were both pleasantly surprised .
1	best margherita pizza i have found so far .
1	just remember to tip well , its worth it !
1	service is hit and miss .
1	great place to eat italian .
1	vito 's is great .
1	highly recommend it !
0	the food was very tasty .
1	overall a good meal .
0	really good food and the service was great !
1	everything is done well and the service is top notch .
1	everything i have ever had there has been wonderful !
0	my whole family loved it .
1	this will be a regular from now on for me .
1	i love the sauce .
0	i signed up for their email and got a coupon .
1	great classic italian restaurant !
1	food is wonderful , and atmosphere is homey and inviting !
1	amazing calamari .
0	we also ordered the cannoli for dessert and it was very good .
1	any friends or guests that we take there love it as well .
1	pizza has an amazing thin crust .
1	my wife loves the lobster ravioli with sunrise sauce .
1	service is always perfect .
1	great service , nice little family place .
1	the food is excellent !
1	even the take out and delivery are great !
1	the dining room could use some updating , service is generally good .
1	this place has some great food .
1	so good and has a little kick to it .
1	love love this place !
1	gf pizza as well is pretty good .
1	we will definitely be going back to try their pizza and their comedy night !
0	it was a wonderful experience .
1	vegetarian double crust pizza is amazing .
0	the soup was fresh .
1	nice experience .
1	we have both liked everything we have tried .
1	good food , good service , good atmosphere , good company !
1	vito 's is a for sure nice time .
1	pizza is always great with a nice thin crust that is crisp .
1	thank you ryan and alexis !
1	love , love , love this place .
1	their gluten free margarita pizza with fresh basil is to die for .
0	my friend ordered the meatball sandwich and a side of red potatoes .
1	fantastic place .
1	also to note are the reasonable prices .
1	very busy but very good service .
1	their crust is one of the best , not soggy at all .
1	thanks vito 's !
0	i appreciated the follow up making sure that everything was perfect .
1	absolute hit .
1	in a word , fantastic !
1	absolutely the best pizza and fabulous pizza rolls & pastas .
1	excellent , excellent , excellent !
0	the ladies with me that had the tortellini loved it !
1	these guys are awesome !
1	a rare gem here in mesa .
1	amazing .
1	the white chicken alfredo pizza is the best .
1	good food and portions ... .
1	excellent pizza with only the freshest ingredients .
1	this is the best pizza in the usa , no doubt .
0	we found this place because of groupon .
1	what an amazing experience !
0	the food was great , but the service was definitely above and beyond !
1	it 's a great atmosphere !
1	one of the best italian restaurants in arizona .
1	excellent pizza , pasta , salad , wine , and service .
1	their second location in scottsdale is an amazing location and atmosphere .
0	very nice atmosphere , great staff love the pizza very reasonably priced .
1	great family place and wonderful home italian cooking .
0	my second meal was excellent .
1	will definitely be a regular here now .
0	they took great care of him in his `` kitty condo '' .
1	i will always be grateful to susan and her staff .
1	_num_ dogs and a cat .
1	this place is as clean and roomy as it gets .
1	what a great group .
1	the clinic itself is spacious and clean .
1	overall , a good experience !
1	you guys rock !
1	always willing to go above and beyond !
1	friendly , helpful , knowledgeable , efficient .
1	prices reasonable and fair .
1	definitely recommend .
1	good fast service .
0	the service was fast yet professional .
1	quality place , clean , friendly , quality work .
1	impressed !
1	i highly recommend the vip pedicure .
1	the music in the background is nice and not too loud .
1	i have to say , i was pleased with my experience !
1	i 'm a customer for life !
1	the stylists are friendly and make you feel welcome .
1	their prices are good for this area .
1	this is a pretty cool place .
1	i love the crispy texture and the homemade feeling of their donuts .
1	the decor , etc .
1	i recommend the apple fritter or a strawberry cake donut .
1	i love this place .
1	their donuts are amazing and the staff is always very friendly !
1	this place is awesome !
1	they have great maple bars !
1	so delicious .
0	the donut 's were still great .
0	the employee was very friendly and attentive .
1	great donuts , a little hard to find but worth the hunt .
1	always excellent !
1	the donuts are really good !
1	good luck !
1	best doughnuts around and the people are so sweet .
1	will definitely visit again !
1	cute little store !
0	donuts were delicious and fresh , coffee was good - definitely coming back soon !
1	fresh donuts every day .
1	owners work hard and have done a great job .
1	see you next time !
1	love this place .
1	fantastic in every way .
1	his service is really as good as it gets !
1	in the mean time it sounds great thanks to fred .
1	fred is personable and pleasant to work with .
1	thanks to fred !
0	their service was impeccable !
1	the rv looks great and all the managers and technicians were very competent .
0	dale was so great at my walk through .
1	great service !
1	would recommend to anyone .
1	thank you guys !
1	as the name promises it is definitely etc .
1	i love their huge selection of ribbon .
1	it is large , airy and pleasant .
1	the women who work at the store were nice and very helpful .
1	wanting to take some of their wedding classes !
1	they have a great selection .
1	they also have a clearance section which i loved .
1	staff is super friendly and so helpful .
1	the guys here are super nice and friendly .
1	they give their customers an honest assessment and provide quality work as necessary .
1	we really like this shop .
1	always honest , prompt and fair in my dealing with them .
1	these guys are solid .
1	they are always upfront and honest .
1	highly recommend .
1	great establishment !
1	they know how to satisfy their customers and offer quality equipment !
1	but fine .
0	awesome considering she thought the work had just ended .
1	thanks guys !
1	the pastor is sincere , inspiring , and humble .
1	and we love this church and so many opportunities to get your family involved .
1	you can sense god moving and working in this place .
1	they have bible study for all ages !
1	pastor is very energetic .
1	and yes , the people are great , and great message .
1	remember it 's church .
1	their oranges are to die for and the staff are very friendly .
1	of all the fruit stands in the valley this is the best .
1	i highly recommend checking this place out .
1	its well worth the drive if you do n't live close by .
1	best oranges ever !
1	florida and california eat our heart out .
1	the people are very kind .
1	and it 's az !
1	returning as an adult , it 's just as great as ever .
1	citrus juice blends are delicious .
1	the mount is solid and should last forever , and the dish works great .
1	i recommend these guys wholeheartedly .
1	best autozone ever , the employees are always great .
1	thanks guys @ auto zone .
1	it 's so awesome .
1	the arrangements are nice looking and last a lot longer than grocery store flowers .
1	thank you !
1	great customer service !
1	soooo nice of them !
1	ive had good luck with this pizza joint every time i get pizza here .
1	saw karen the other day and she did a wonderful job .
1	this location is clean , efficient , and engaging .
1	thank you for starting my morning off right .
1	this is an example of good customer service .
1	it 's worth a trip back to check out everything else they have here .
1	thank you !
1	thank you !
1	most enthusiastic taco bell people ever .
1	energetic and always with a smile .
1	nice guy at the drive through .
1	food tastes great and hot .
0	i always come in here .
1	excellent customer service !
0	these guys took a negative situation and absolutely turned it around .
1	i will share my experience and recommend impact any chance i get .
1	professional , honest , reliable and excellent , excellent work .
1	not only is the work superior , the detailing of my car was outstanding .
1	i highly recommend them for car repairs .
0	impact was very professional and friendly .
1	positive impact !
1	a great family business that cares about their customers !
1	i highly recommend taking your car to them !
1	and best of all , my truck looks better than before the accident .
1	they did an amazing job and i am extremely happy with the whole process !
1	thanks jj and impact auto body team !
1	impact it 's a great company .
1	everyone there is super friendly and really show that they put the customer first .
1	i have already recommended them to others .
1	received it luke warm .
0	service was fast , friendly and professional .
1	the staff here are wonderful .
1	my kids love all of the teachers .
1	the director is involved and holds high expectations .
0	this was the best decision for their future that i have made .
1	definitely a small town feel .
1	comfort food lives here !
0	fluffy , always cooked to perfection and delicious .
0	fried pork tenderloin sandwich !
1	good food .
1	thank you again !
1	our wedding day was absolutely amazing !
1	thank you for everything !
1	just a great experience overall .
0	we attended a wedding here , and loved every minute of it .
1	what a beautiful venue !
1	thanks sean !
1	awesome customer service !
1	this place was great , the owner is a really nice guy .
1	this is an awesome neighborhood find !
1	the chilli is good stuff .
1	always has current sports games and friendly servers .
1	he really knows his stuff .
1	good messages and comfortable to be there .
1	finally a sushi place just a couple of miles from home !
0	got sushi was great !
1	really fun .
1	always good after the river too .
1	and the teppan chefs are amazing and entertaining !
1	love is ... a full tummy of sushi .
1	the chefs are masters , the fish is so fresh and the price fair .
1	also the wasabi is good which is important ... strong and potent .
1	the jj and cj also rock !
1	bottom line : it 's a nice go-to spot for convenience and value .
1	best service !
1	the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad .
1	the service is always good and their other entrees are n't bad either .
1	a little pricey but excellent , hands down absolutely incredible .
1	move along now ... thanks for stopping by .
1	it taste fresh and is super yummy .
1	i absolutely love their food and friendly staff .
1	service is incredible as is the food ... fresh , flavorful and reasonably priced .
0	got ta share the addiction of this place !
1	as an added bonus , the prices are extremely reasonable .
0	everything was cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly .
1	great happy hour selection .
1	staff very friendly and helpful .
1	awesome family restaurant .
1	i 've never had a bad experience here .
1	the staff are very friendly .
1	so it is a great choice for small groups or couples .
1	their food is wonderful , our orders have always been _num_ % accurate .
1	long happy hour & adequate pricing .
1	very good sushi and they also have hibachi grills .
1	fresh sushi and a nice variety .
1	best i can find in the `` valley '' .
1	great food and service .
1	some days they are more friendly than others , but overall everyone is pleasant .
1	i definitely recommend this place for good sushi .
1	highly recommended !
1	best sushi in az hands down .
1	the sushi is always fresh and i love that is it family owned .
0	sat at the sushi bar and everything we ordered was very good .
0	we had the soft shell crab roll and loved it .
1	pretty good sushi , great service .
1	two reasons ... the food is always good !
1	and the staff is outstanding .
1	they care about making sure everything is perfect .
1	the best sushi in the east valley .
1	and the staff will make you feel like you are coming home .
1	everyone is always impressed and always love whatever they order .
1	the salads are good , even better if you add chicken or salmon !
1	we enjoyed fresh garlic butter bread while we decided on our meal .
0	we ordered food and were both very happy .
1	will definitely be going back .
1	excellent atmosphere , professional service , and outstanding food !
1	great bread sticks .
0	the service was good .
1	the girl next to me was sure enjoying hers .
1	great selection of local drafts , also a nice malbec .
0	the food was great .
0	the drinks were very good .
1	i highly recommend .
1	i must day , it was worth the wait .
1	the food is good and creative , they have good pizza and wonderful specials .
1	the service has always been great and the lunch is really good .
1	very nice establishment !
1	great menu and great prices !
1	keep it up .
1	it 's always packed and for good reason .
1	the `` meet the meat '' is amazing !
1	always hot yummy food .
1	: ) cheers !
1	always good .
1	this is my favorite restaurant !
1	the bread sticks are absolutely the best i 've ever had !
1	but its a good thing because thats how popular they are in our are .
1	their service is amazing and so are the breadsticks .
1	they are the best in the area .
1	really good food .
1	really large portions , usually good service , casual fun atmosphere .
1	also a fan of their garlic bread .
1	we love going here with the family .
1	the food is always great and the prices are reasonable .
1	all time favorite restaurant .
1	the best quality , quantity , and price .
1	o ya , they do really nice job and the food , ya buddy .
1	good pizza and service !
1	meatballs delicious and marinara sauce to die for .
1	happy hour at the bar is a great place to wait for your table .
1	, & they give you these garlicky , warm bread sticks ( free !
0	been 3x , had same waitress twice , great service !
1	fare is decent , specials keep it interesting .
0	our waiter was fantastic !
1	the food was so amazing too , the specials are always delicious as well .
1	i seriously recommend this place if you want tasty food with a nice atmosphere .
1	for the money , this is the best food in eastern mesa .
0	best spaghetti i ever had .
0	our server was prompt and pleasant .
1	great neighborhood spot .
1	awesome specials every day , i have loved every soup i have tried here .
1	this place is pretty good on the weekend nights .
1	service is excellent .
1	we are regulars and enjoy the garlic bread and special dishes of the night .
1	dining there is always tasty .
1	nice variety of items on the menu .
1	highly recommend their catering services for parties .
1	they work with various dietary restrictions , make excellent dishes for large groups .
1	this is our favorite neighborhood place for dinner .
1	of menu items in addition to the daily specials .
1	portions are very generous .
1	great selection of brew .
1	this is probably one of my top _num_ favorite restaurants .
1	but still better than any chain restaurant .
1	this makes it more reasonable and you still wo n't leave hungry .
1	this restaurant is one of the best i have ever been to !
1	the bread is amazing .
0	i had the pizza roll with meat and was it great .
1	wonderful marinara sauce i could only eat 1/3 !
1	great bartender and excellent food .
1	this is a quaint place for lunch .
1	the staff is friendly and attentive , prices are awesome for the portion size .
1	definitely would come here again .
1	delicious food !
0	went for the first time tonight and absolutely loved it .
1	just that extra touch of class .
1	seems like a wide range of beer .
0	everyone loved their food .
1	great selection of beers and vino .
1	we especially like the fresh fish options on the daily specials .
1	wow !
1	my new favorite place .
1	red white and brew !
1	great food and service .
0	everything was good here .
1	love this place .
0	however , the 2nd night we ordered italian and were very satisfied .
1	definitely enough for two plus meals !
1	the creme brle is spot on .
1	excellent burgers and brew !
1	definitely on my regular rotation now !
1	have been going here for years and is always a great experience .
1	the best place in mesa for pizza , seafood pasta and ambiance .
1	the food is excellent and kinda unique for the area .
1	the waiter was very friendly and has great recommendations .
1	holy mother of god this place is amazing !
1	very generous portions of amazing food !
0	my better half had the special ... meatball stuffed pizza - it was delicious !
1	the restaurant is pretty and it has a nice patio .
1	great good .
1	love the service and personal attention of the waiters .
1	great neighborhood watering hole that serves great food at a solid price !
1	food has always been great and service friendly .
1	i definitely will come back when out this way .
1	this is by far the best restaurant in arizona .
1	it 's worth the wait .
1	one of the best local restaurants in mesa !
1	food is always delicious .
1	service is always wonderful , even the waitress in training was great !
1	very friendly and great atmosphere !
1	cheese spinach sandwich .
1	why ca n't other bar establishments serve delicious food like this place does ?
1	the smoked mozzarella is unique .
1	my kids love it too !
1	consistently delicious food and reasonable prices .
1	to die for !
1	love the steak salad .
1	great service too !
0	bread was delicious as were our sides .
1	ended up seeing friends there and having a wonderful night .
1	the salads and soups are so delicious .
1	a great place for pizza too .
1	highly recommend - you ca n't find food like this everywhere .
1	it 's clean and their daily specials menu is always unique and delicious .
1	i would recommend them to anyone !
1	great nightly specials all on display when you walk in .
1	always able to `` customize '' food and meet dietary requests without issue .
0	my most favorite veggie burgers & baked potatoes in all of the world !
0	it made me feel like a million bucks !
1	the service is excellent .
1	always so helpful , pleasant , and efficient !
1	thanks jim for all your help .
1	i love home depot .
0	my food was prepared fresh as always and was overall very good .
1	its also in a great location and has a great friendly staff .
1	it 's late but just had to come get a treat .
1	the staff is really friendly .
1	this was a really fun , challenging course !
1	however this location is remarkable !
1	these ladies in here are absolutely wonderful !
1	i will be visiting this place again for sure in the next couple weeks !
1	thank you for the free hair cut .
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	the price is very reasonable .
1	the shop is always clean .
1	recommend to anyone to go !
1	the one we shop at has fresh sushi .
1	the aisles are well stocked , organized , and the employees are friendly .
1	but the real treat is the oj that they sell on site ... .
1	they also have really good prices on boxes of citrus .
1	wonderful gift boutique , and fresh produce , a little pricey , though !
1	specialty az gifts .
1	the owners and employees are always helpful and friendly even on their busiest days !
1	lots of nice home decor and gift ideas !
1	cute clothes too !
1	the bar serves up great martinis !
1	so friendly and service is quick and efficient .
0	food was good ... .
1	it is wonderful italian food .
1	the new location is even more convenient for us as well .
1	i would highly recommend this to others .
1	wow this location get super busy during lunch time !
1	this place does so much good for children in need .
1	it looks great .
1	its amazing the love you feel when being there .
1	the best oranges i 've ever tasted .
1	it is a bit pricey but well worth it .
0	they were really friendly and really knowledgeable .
1	fair prices .
1	this is one honest company and those are hard to find .
1	these guys are great .
1	thanks jeff !
1	this place is delicious !
1	the meat is freshly sliced , and the bread is super soft !
1	the food is always fresh .
1	the staff is very friendly and great with kids !
1	we highly recommend this store .
1	the port is consistent and delicious .
0	i was pleasantly surprised !
1	their sourdough and wheat are good .
1	definitely better service than subway .
1	did n't know a sandwich could be this good !
0	the delivery guys were very good as well and were very professional .
1	i look forward to picking it up at the store on monday !
1	best service and best price i 've had with dry cleaners .
1	i will recommend them to friends & family .
1	love em !
1	love this place !
1	the girl who normally helps me is fantastic !
1	will definitely be back !
1	excellent massage by jim .
1	what an amazing massage !
1	it is a great place to work !
1	we are right down the street .
1	this company must do a great job in keeping people happy !
1	i would recommend j & h to anyone !
1	thanks again !
1	jeff from j & h plumbing is great !
0	i saved money and got a great education on maintenance and more .
1	i will continue to buy from these guys , could n't be happier !
1	nice little patio , awesome brisket !
1	good menu !
1	i wish i could give it ten stars !
1	we 'll definitely be back for more !
1	their pulled pork sandwiches are delicious , as are the sides .
1	you get to put your favorites onto a sandwich for a great deal .
1	the waitresses are funny and friendly and the place is perfect for family dining .
1	make sure you take some extra bbq sauce with you !
1	second time here and love it .
0	even offered us a free piece of fried fish !
0	everything was great !
1	we will definitely be back !
1	definitely a good place for bbq if you are in the area !
1	friendly service with a smile at a neighborhood bbq joint .
1	food is amazing !
1	definitely coming back !
1	definitely the best bbq !
1	great food .
1	pulled pork is delicious .
1	what an amazing atmosphere !
0	well done my friends .
1	the food is great and the service was impeccable .
1	we will definitely be back soon .
1	anything bbq from this place is amazing .
1	they have great prices and amazing clearance racks !
1	the store is organized , well stocked and the employees are friendly .
0	always kept clean and maintained .
1	the owner is very personable and makes himself available if need be .
1	this is a small , quiet well kept rv park .
0	bathrooms and laundry facilities were impressive compared to other parks we have stayed at .
1	they are incredibly nice and accommodating .
0	and the food was fantastic .
1	staff is very friendly .
1	the views are spectacular !
1	the setting is beautiful and relaxing , the staff warm and friendly .
1	a good local restaurant/bar with nice service and tasty food options .
1	there are a few standout wraps and the wings are very tasty .
1	tasty !
1	fresh and piping hot .
1	they are awesome and do a wonderful job .
1	smoothies are always good during the hot summer months .
1	the staff is friendly .
1	very good smoothies .
1	also has good , healthy food .
1	totally will come back next time i 'm in town .
1	i will continue to go here because it close to work .
1	how awesome !
1	they have a great customer service .
1	everyone is so kind and friendly there .
1	once you get inside , though ... man alive , you will be rewarded .
1	the atmosphere is fun and unique .
1	the wait staff is super nice and friendly .
1	all the food is amazing and everything is all you can eat .
1	the food here is okay .
1	average food plus brilliant staff = _num_ stars .
1	one of the best steaks i have had .
1	for being in the middle of nowhere this was definitely worth driving out there !
0	mom loved the place !
0	it was another great experience visually and food was delicious as usual !
1	all i can say is wow .
0	the grilled veggies were topped with olive oil and were tender and very tasty .
1	ca n't wait to try the dinner show , it sounds amazing !
1	very tender fresh chicken .
1	excellent service from jay .
1	so good !
1	this restaurant is at the base of the mountain so the view is amazing !
1	would absolutely go again !
1	excellent service .
0	city steak was outstanding , and the shrimp appetizer is not to be missed .
0	this place far exceeded our expectations !
0	the inside was as amazing as i remembered and so was the food !
0	loved the grilled corn and pork chops !
1	this place is great , i eat there all the time .
1	waffles are tasty .
0	i tried the pecan chicken salad and it was very good .
0	very friendly and helpful staff did whatever it took to make things work .
1	james is a very good salesman !
0	loved the process from start to finish .
0	so i got a good deal .
1	thanks guys i will be recommending you in the future .
0	had an excellent experience .
0	the service was definitely above and beyond .
1	the dealership is staffed by friendly , cheerful professionals ; and accommodations are comfortable .
1	amazing experience !
0	she worked extremely hard to get us the best deal possible .
1	thank you .
1	everyone here is always helpful .
0	then a true miracle happened .
1	very helpful and friendly store .
1	they are always friendly and helpful and we get in and out fast .
1	most the people here are friendly and helpful .
1	this place is awesome !
1	what a great place in an unexpected location .
1	great place ... great crowd !
1	thumbs up !
1	this is a great place to take out of state visitors .
1	fun atmosphere !
1	the food is always good and always tastes nice and fresh .
1	the waitresses are very nice .
1	great staff .
0	live music was fantastic .
1	the broasted chicken is wonderful !
1	great little roadhouse .
1	great wings .
1	great food !
1	i have lived here since _num_ and this is my first time !
0	our bartender was fantastic , food was delicious and timely .
1	just enjoy !
1	recommend .
1	standard mexican fare - but quite delicious .
1	what a wonderful find our here in the desert .
1	this is a nice casual restaurant serving good food .
1	good place to stop and enjoy a meal .
0	was driving around and found this hidden gem .
1	awesome honest people .
1	great prices .
1	thanks guys !
0	brought in a new claim , body shop was fantastic .
1	will continue to use their services in the future .
1	eric was amazing .
1	( i loved paying those bills ! )
1	it is worth the _num_ minute drive !
1	tom is wonderful and all of the doctors are great .
0	they helped me feel safe and comfortable and fully explained all of my questions .
1	when you come to this office , you 're family .
1	i absolutely love this dentist and the entire staff .
1	i would recommend them to anyone !
1	so far this place has been great .
1	they have pretty good bands and decent food .
0	it was well worth it .
0	chris was great !
1	they 're gon na love it .
1	the show is very entertaining and the musicians are very talented .
1	take a look at the picture for an idea of what i mean .
1	the christmas show is spectacular and the musicians are top notch .
1	a fabulous show .
1	highly recommend this .
1	go and enjoy !
1	my husband 's review is excellent show .
0	he was very knowledgeable and professional .
1	thank you guys .
1	you rock , and my husband and i will be forever customers !
1	great atmosphere !
1	great fun adult atmosphere !
1	yes they are freshly made everyday .
0	i also had a cheeseburger with fries and it was delicious !
0	service was very friendly and welcoming .
1	this place is awesome !
0	the best part was everyone was so nice , friendly and helpful .
1	it can be pricey , but it is really worth it .
1	i still have a t shirt from _num_ which is in very good condition .
1	awesome festival !
1	food is wonderful and not high priced considering you are at a festival .
1	year after year i visit the renaissance festival and love it every single time .
1	so hilarious .
0	we had a great time and enjoyed all the festival has to offer .
1	great festival .
1	it 's a great memory making day for the family !
1	make sure you try all the food and catch all the shows .
1	helps pay for your gas !
1	there are lots of fun performances to entertain you here .
1	the best people watching ever !
1	great fun and entertainment for all ages !
1	awesome and better than last year too .
1	it is always a good time but it can be expensive .
1	kids ( and adults ) will love all the attractions .
1	the food is very authentic and tasty just like home .
1	btw , their import beer selection is very decent as well .
1	: ) great service !
1	excellent service .
1	this place is awesome !
1	i love this place !
1	the owner knows us and treats us very well !
1	this is one of the best korean places i 've been to in az .
1	if you 're a foodie you 'll love this place .
1	great service , great food !
1	genius idea to have korean and sushi in the same place !
1	multiple locations !
1	everybody can be happy now !
1	awesome !
1	the have a very nice staff and the food is great .
1	every time i go to az i always go here .
1	love the sushi .
1	the manager richard makes you feel like home , taking care of little details .
1	the rolls are pretty standard but the quality is almost always excellent .
1	their sides are amazing and they are very very generous with them .
1	best place to eat korean food .
1	their food and service is amazing !
1	more like a family serving you than professional waiters .
1	the food is amazing .
1	the sushi is pretty good too .
1	overall , this is a decent place to go .
1	this is a great place to get a reasonably priced lunch .
1	he 's always cheerful and having us try his new sushi creations .
1	especially if you want something spicy , he 's got something for you .
1	really good food every time .
0	the bbq was amazing we ordered bulgogi and chicken .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	my favorite korean place .
1	great food and service !
1	the service was awesome & the price is right .
1	the food is consistently good ever time .
1	love their sushi and beef short rib soup !
1	every kind of korean food .
1	this place is awesome !
1	this is the best korean place in az .
1	but until then , this is the best you will get .
1	the best korean bbq in the east valley .
1	this place is authentic and will satisfy your urge for great bbq .
1	they have a good list of them too .
1	the food is great .
1	i love this place !
1	i live right down the street .
1	really good korean bbq , and you grill it yourself at your table .
1	i love living here .
1	the grounds are well maintained .
1	they are knowledgable , friendly , and very helpful .
1	they have been excellent !
1	great maintenance team and better front office people .
1	the property is well kept , constantly being upgraded and quiet .
1	the restaurant is sophisticated without being pretentious .
1	we always have a good time when we go here .
1	i have had really good experiences with this place .
1	the drinks are good ( mojitos !
1	it is a perfect date spot .
1	a fabulous , lush patio , reminiscent of an old mexican villa .
1	my favorite place on earth !
1	great for date night or a quick lunch .
1	service has always been very attentive and accurate .
1	love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick .
1	the shrimp enchilada 's are also great .
1	good food .
1	i love this place , best chicken mole ever !
1	great patio .
1	_num_ words ... .
1	i am a regular and never tire of this wonderful restaurant .
1	the energy and atmosphere reminded me why i love az !
1	it 's loud and fun .
1	very festive feel and great food .
1	i normally get the chimis with their poblano sauce ; so good .
0	service was great as well .
1	cute little place .
1	they have my all time favorite chips and salsa and a really cool patio .
1	the food in this restaurant is authentic and of high quality .
0	it was a blast !
1	carlos pours a really nice clean margarita .
1	really nice green chili .
1	the margaritas here are amazing .
0	every single one of our entrees were delicious .
1	everything we have ordered has been fresh and delicious .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	relaxing and delicious .
1	prompt and friendly service .
1	i do n't get here very often but i always love their carne asada .
1	flavorful , tender , and tasting of the flame .
1	we love this place !
1	the margaritas are worth the trip .
1	so we go for the great food , the service and the tasty margaritas .
1	the back patio has a great atmosphere !
0	my meal was very satisfying and flavorful .
1	the food is excellent and fresh .
1	they also have great lemonade !
1	i cant get enough of their margaritas and fine mexican food .
1	its so conveniently placed and i recommend it to everyone .
1	i like that i can take my whole family and children as well .
1	wow chimi that is deep fried .
0	i moved here four years ago and wanted a good mexican place .
1	it 's delicious !
1	the restaurant has a nice flow and feel to it .
1	this is a lovely restaurant in downtown chandler .
1	i should really come here more often .
0	the beer selection pleased those who did not go for the refreshing margaritas .
1	outdoor patio is charming and highly recommended .
0	really enjoyed our dinner .
1	very tasty .
0	liked the decor and atmosphere .
1	the outdoor patio is sooo nice !
1	mellow music , great patio , great service !
1	chile verde is some of the best i 've had !
1	flour tortillas are real .
1	their patio is amazing though !
1	great food with a really unique atmosphere .
1	amazing carne asada nachos add roasted jalapeo !
1	great hidden mexican joint .
1	looking for a latin live band and vibrant environment ?
1	indoor bar/restaurant and nice outdoor patio .
1	food is excellent , ambiance is great .
1	great food .
1	best carne asada plate !
0	homemade chips and salsa !
1	the carne asada burrito is awesome !
0	dinner was great tequila was amazing and the steak and enchiladas were awesome !
1	i would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves mexican food .
0	our waiter , nick , was very helpful and made good suggestions .
1	awesome margaritas and great ambiance .
1	really great atmosphere and beautiful patio .
1	great healthy alternative at a great mexican place !
1	chips and salsa by far the best !
1	love the chicken mole !
1	the food is delicious and very authentic .
1	jamie the bartender makes perfect margaritas and is very pleasant .
1	patio has a great atmosphere at night .
1	please check them and ask for the manager thomas .
1	-- and the friendly personal service -- and the rubber stamp store next door !
1	hope to see them again soon !
0	we got a piece of all of the cakes .
1	they are a bit on the more expensive side , but still very good !
1	i have never actually tried the cakes , but they look damn good .
1	and i 've loved every minute of it .
1	i recommend this place to all my friends and family .
1	thank you lori and staff !
0	the attendant was friendly and helpful .
1	the store was nice and cool ( important when it 's _num_ outside ) .
1	i just love this store !
1	i love a good buffet !
1	this is a very traditional american style buffet .
1	amazing is all that i can say .
1	night swim is great for families !
1	i 've been here almost _num_ years , and i love my job !
1	my job is n't always perfect , but i do love it here !
1	accurate orders , great tasting food , friendly service .
1	i second that - excellent customer service !
1	have seen a few shows here and am always impressed by the acoustics .
1	the acoustics on stage while listening to the symphony were wonderful .
1	the crystal chandeliers , upon entering the building , are very inviting .
1	i would love to come back and see another performance here .
1	the lobby is beautiful and brightly lit .
1	i 've loved everyone of them .
1	love the mixture of the old and new in downtown chandler .
1	a+ on customer service & knowledge !
1	you must visit the gift shop for a piece of fudge or smoothie !
1	so many wonderful programs for all ages .
1	im on a tight tight budget and needed used tires asap .
1	got ta respect the hard working man .
1	these guys are great !
1	courteous and professional .
1	these guys are an honest tire shop .
1	great tire shop !
1	they 're honest with you up front .
1	good service , good quality .
1	small place but great !
1	in my world , that 's as good as it gets !
1	i prefer this walmart over others because it 's one of the smaller ones .
1	i will always go here for my subs !
0	the outside and inside actually looked really nice too !
1	the staff are friendly and welcoming .
1	you can get freshly made tortillas and the best breakfast burritos in town .
1	enjoy .
1	they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from .
0	wow , we rolled up for breakfast , and were pleasantly surprised .
0	really , it was delectable .
1	love it !
1	couple that with the perfect salsa , and you 've got yourself a winner .
1	my wife loves the pineapple empanadas from here .
1	i will be back there , and a lot !
1	they 're always perfectly done and have a crust that 's just right .
1	everything is hot and fresh .
1	great food !
1	homemade tortillas that are very good .
1	great little mexican place .
1	much better quality than the chain places !
1	they have the best tortillas around and the prices are very good .
1	if you have n't been here you should definitely check it out .
1	their breakfast burritos are awesome , mostly because their tortillas are amazing .
1	the chips and salsa are really good as well .
1	i enjoyed the simple bean and cheese burrito but it 's all good .
1	i love el sol !
1	it 's clean and the people at the counter are beyond friendly .
1	the carne asada is juicy , the pastries unique and fresh .
1	the tortillas are always fresh and soft .
1	if you love home made mexican food this is the place .
1	service is fantastic .
1	great authentic home style cooking .
1	i always order their combo meals and my husband loves the green chili .
1	enjoy the ride folks !
1	not greasy , good stuff .
1	homemade tortillas are so good !
1	friendly staff .
1	salsa is fresh and so tasty .
1	the owner has such a great presence !
1	my brother always gets the super bueno burrito .
1	mmmm i always buy it !
1	great breakfast burritos !
1	homemade tortillas always fresh and delicious !
1	salsa is the best !
1	good food , very good breakfast burritos .
1	i will definitely come back to this restaurant !
1	recommend you get there early .
1	awesome chips and salsa , delicious cheese enchiladas and rice .
1	perfect customer service !
1	truly excellent , from the service to the food .
1	this place is awesome !
1	the bacon , egg , and potato burrito is fabulous !
1	the burrito is pretty big and left us full .
1	good chips and salsa .
1	what a great little spot in downtown chandler !
1	just enough breading and filling inside .
1	amazing food never disappoint !
1	their salsa is full of flavor and chips home made .
1	the owners are very kind and create an open friendly environment .
1	yum !
1	beans are done right too .
1	hitch has been working great .
1	prices range from reasonable to surprisingly inexpensive .
1	these guys are the best .
1	they know what they are doing and do it at a reasonable price .
1	i highly recommend them .
0	eric was great to deal with both on the phone and in person .
1	highly recommend !
1	very pleased with service and quality of work .
1	this restaurant is outstanding in every way !
1	reasonably priced , and delivery is always speedy .
1	nice tomato sauce , just the right amount of cheese .
1	best ny pizza west of the mississippi .
1	great pizza , and at a good price too .
1	the crust and sauce are great , everything is just right .
1	i love their pizza .
1	the pizza is excellent .
1	pizza is always good .
1	great pizza , wings and salad !
1	i love this place !
1	their garden salad is generous .
1	i highly recommend !
1	delicious !
1	their employees have always been extremely friendly .
1	this is the best tasting pizza in all of arizona .
1	keep it up !
1	i think this wins for best pizza crust !
1	the price is good as well .
1	good quality pizza too ... no where near fast food .
1	my kids favorite pizza spot !
1	wow , what a surprise .
1	salad and pizza : pretty good !
1	great food , good prices .
1	my favorite ny style pizza spot in the east valley .
1	this is my favorite place in the valley to get pizza by the slice .
1	love it !
1	totally worth the money .
1	the boneless wings are really good and their peppercorn dipping sauce is amazing .
1	amazing pizza , quality food .
1	the staff are friendly .
1	this place rocks and so does their food .
1	usually our go to spot for sunday football .
1	everything is great , especially the golden medium boneless wings .
1	love this place .
1	service is fast and friendly , pizzas are delicious .
1	try the bianco pizza it 's soooo tasty !
1	great all the way around no matter your combination of toppings .
1	you can also enjoy the family atmosphere and dine-in .
1	yup , yup .
1	the pizza is always fresh and hot when it arrives .
1	this is some of the best pizza in the valley !
1	awesome wings , friendly service , really good pizza .
1	best restaurant au jus i have had in a long time !
0	we enjoyed very much !
1	this is legit as it gets .
1	this location has the best staff .
1	great friendly staff .
1	btw the bbq hot wings are divine !
1	love the pizza .
1	take a little long for delivery but it 's well worth the wait .
1	love it !
1	wings are just as good too .
1	otherwise , the food is good and friendly customer service .
0	good food , friendly staff clean and kid approved !
1	but i love this place .
1	friendly staff .
1	prices are decent too .
1	great ny style pizza at a reasonable price .
1	the staff is always friendly and responsive .
1	order from here often and it 's always good !
1	they recently added mac and cheese bites to the menu they are amazing !
1	yes it is that good .
1	you can thank me later .
1	love venezia 's , especially this location .
1	all the workers are so kind and helpful .
1	the lunch specials are such a great price !
1	the slices are huge and sooo delicious .
1	excellent food and great service !
1	way better than oreganos , and super fast service .
1	this is the first time i have actually eaten at a venezia 's .
1	i have also had their baked sandwiches and they 're great also .
1	this place is pretty great !
1	i absolutely love their pizza !
1	my favorite side is the deep fried zucchini .
1	all the delivery guys are rad and super nice .
1	i love this place !
1	in a very easy fashion .
1	hats off to them and thanks for the great service .
1	these are great folks with which to do business .
0	it came back better than new !
1	machine works great now .
1	best guac i 've ever had .
1	absolutely the best carne i 've ever had and the service is great also .
1	gracias amanda !
0	good fresh and hot fried chicken .
1	quick , professional , and thorough !
1	clean , thorough , and timely !
1	thank you to you all for your help !
1	great service .
1	pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out !
1	food is not great , but it 's good .
1	what 's great about this place is the dancing .
1	we 'll definitely be back !
1	great atmosphere .
1	spacious and clean .
1	wheelchair friendly store ... .
1	you will find nice clean antiques and collectibles .
1	i love the layout of this store !
1	it 's mostly furniture , so it 's excellent for remodeling your room !
1	the staff is excellent , attentive and pleasant .
1	love this place !
1	the store is pretty clean and the staff was all very nice .
1	my _num_ year old daughter even likes to come with me .
1	i highly recommend it !
1	this is a nice antique store .
1	i really like this place and the customer service is awesome .
1	great experience !
0	i found several perfectly regal items and got out for less than $ _num_ !
1	love this place !
1	this place is awesome !
1	staff is friendly !
1	the people who working there are super nice !
1	very clean and the employees are always very freindly !
1	i love to come and wander around at least once a month .
1	by far my favorite antique store in chandler !
1	such a nostalgic feel from the vintage to the new such a treasure hunt !
1	for anyone interested in decor , this place is a dream .
0	this was one of the best experiences i have had at the dentist .
1	i would recommend them to anyone in the east valley !
1	they love the staff too !
1	very nice facility , friendly staff , and excellent hygienists .
1	they are very thorough and explain everything .
1	he is a good honest man and i appreciate that !
1	best dentist office around .
1	my whole family are patients for life .
1	the office is clean , modern and with all new technology .
1	they 're also great about working with my busy schedule .
0	she made me feel relaxed and comfortable the entire time i was with her .
1	the raspberry champagne is great as well .
1	cool treasure , kind of hidden in downtown chandler .
1	worth the drive in every way .
1	burrito express is a delicious choice for a mexican lunch .
1	the tortillas are extremely tasty .
1	great food !
0	highly recommended .
0	great mexican food , delivered .
1	i 'm in heaven .
1	i get it at home , and at work .
1	good burritos all day .
1	it makes the burrito so much more delicious than it already is .
1	this is our favorite `` lunch date '' place !
1	great tasting food and speedy service , highly recommend over the competition .
1	breakfast burrito is also pretty good .
0	their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
1	great & friendly service .
1	great burrito .
1	the best burritos ever .
1	add red sauce with each bite and you 'll be absolutely in burrito heaven !
1	i love this place !
1	super nice !
1	amazing red chile burrito !
1	good dudes , good burritos .
1	so worth the price !
1	love burrito express !
1	they have two to choose from , both are delicious !
0	came here for my friends ' wedding and wow , what a gorgeous place !
1	great service by the staff .
0	service was incredible , room service was great and i really enjoy the updates .
1	everything was very good and it is a very pretty bar .
1	fantastic mothers day brunch , nice rooms , great pool .
1	i love the staff that make this place a warm and fun atmosphere .
1	thanks for fixing my feet !
1	he helps me manage my back issues and keeps me healthy and active .
1	dr. carson and his team and fantastic !
1	as for massage therapy , pam works wonders !
1	thank you all for making me feel better .
1	mike is excellent .
1	thanks cody .
1	very professional !
1	thank you guys again !
1	delicious !
1	girls are nice and fast !
1	will return !
1	it tastes really good !
1	it taste all natural with real banana , cream and cinnamon .
1	fast , reliable service !
1	i strongly recommend them .
1	excellent service once again .
1	that 's the cheapest i 've ever done my nails .
1	i would surely reccomend everyone to this spot !
1	she 's amazing !
1	and it 's really good !
1	they also have great breakfasts .
1	great breakfast at a fair price !
1	i will definitely be back .
1	we 've tried several different different breakfast items ... all good .
1	everyone there is super friendly .
1	what a beautiful dive cafe !
1	the gravy is thick and packed with sausage .
1	great food , unique atmosphere , and great prices .
1	everyone is friendly and you can tell that they enjoy working there .
1	either way it 's a good breakfast for the price .
0	greeted and seated immediately at 8:30 a.m. on a holiday weekend .
1	amazing .
0	the food was quick tasty and correct .
0	loved our french toast , no we really really loved our french toast .
1	good place to dine !
1	always has fast and friendly service .
1	amazing service even on a busy saturday morning .
0	food was good , served in large portions .
0	food was fresh and good , prices were fair .
1	everyone was very nice on both visits and that goes for staff and customers .
0	eggs were perfect ham was moist .
1	portion sizes are generous and for a reasonable price .
1	the waitresses are very friendly and treat customers well .
1	just a good , old fashion eatery .
1	excellent food , and great service and even better prices .
1	i will definitely be coming back .
1	the portions are great as well .
1	we always can expect great service and full stomachs .
1	their biscuits and gravy are the best !
1	going back sometime this weekend , i will definitely update !
1	i will be back !
1	a solid _num_ stars !
1	it 's consistently good .
1	fast delivery of the food .
1	and after enjoying it , take a quick nap before you hit the road .
1	this is our favorite breakfast joint .
1	they are always great .
1	the atmosphere is pleasant and warm .
1	that should tell you something !
1	real midwest style service and quality !
1	this place is a great place for traditional american breakfast !
1	the portions are huge and the food is excellent .
1	large portions and good food !
1	seriously the best breakfast in town !
1	will go back here again !
1	the food is always good , and most of the waitresses .
1	candy is an amazing waitress .
1	the employees are always welcoming with a big smile .
1	food is always great here and probably the cleanest restaurant i 've ever seen .
1	great breakfast this morning !
1	love the friendly staff , fun mix of customers and simple good food .
1	neighborhood spot that has a lot of regulars .
1	definitely will go again .
1	good wholesome food .
1	the waffles are amazing .
1	friendly and they know their regulars .
1	basic no frills diner , lots of seating and extremely attentive service .
1	i shall return !
1	great place to get breakfast .
1	for what it is , this place is great .
1	i love the chorizo !
1	this is one of my favorite places for breakfast .
1	the waitstaff are friendly and service is good and food quality is good .
1	great local cafe with excellent prices too !
1	waffle and egg breakfast is great .
1	overall pretty darn good .
1	love the midwest feel to the place and food is good .
1	fast , friendly and best of all quality ingredients and food .
1	the food is in large portions and fantastic quality .
1	best breakfast in the east valley .
1	prices are adequate for quality and portions .
1	this place has an amazing diner feel and it 's delicious to boot .
0	it was delicious and more than enough food for one person .
1	awesome !
1	it 's a great local breakfast and brunch and not pricey at all !
1	replace the cooked spinach with fresh spinach .
1	so good !
1	the food is good and it 's a good friendly environment .
1	great food !
0	it was far better than i expect it would of been .
1	decent food , wait staff is friendly .
1	this one is a gem in a town of overpriced chain look alike restaurants .
1	good burgers , fries , chicken sandwich and love the chili .
1	swanky wendy 's -- - good stuff .
1	very nice place .
1	very cool .
1	the service is always perfect and the employees are super friendly .
0	this was a charming hotel .
0	the bed was very comfortable .
1	he also has come to our house on short notice several times .
1	i will continue to go back to this guy again and again .
1	fast , friendly , and reasonable prices .
1	nice , honest service .
1	fast , friendly , affordable service , i will return .
1	they always have good sale items and the clerks are very nice and helpful !
1	definitely will continue to take my business to this location .
1	we 'll definitely recommend and return to this location for future purchases .
1	customer service by ashley is awesome .
1	love this store .
1	they are just so pleasant .
1	the trains themselves are pretty cool .
1	there are so many cool things to check out in the cars here .
1	so so awesome .
1	cute place to bring your family .
1	the staff is friendly and knowledgable .
1	it is something fun to do for about an hour .
1	great for an afternoon stop .
1	the place is set up nice .
1	had a nice time looking at the variety of old train cars .
1	i love this jack in the box !
1	they are always friendly and helpful !
0	brett was professional and friendly .
1	he is so honest , hardworking , and has the best prices on everything .
1	they are all so nice , helpful , and knowledgeable .
1	it 's been 10+ years and several cars later and we keep returning !
1	i 'm so happy !
1	if you are in a pinch , they can usually squeeze you in .
1	my girlfriend gives this business a solid _num_ stars !
1	before they actually repair my car they always call with a price beforehand .
1	my whole family has always taken all of their cars here .
1	always get quality work , in a timely manner without being charged extreme amounts .
1	quality honest people .
1	we have had a great experience finding reasonably priced items .
1	i recommend coming during day light hours .
1	maybe i 'm easily pleased , but i love this store .
1	this store is very clean and nice looking .
1	great customer service !
1	wow !
1	nothing else to say , this place is amazing !
1	highly recommend !
1	very , very good italian !
1	the decor is romantic , i would say it 's a good date spot .
1	excellent italian food ; some of the very best pizza anywhere .
0	the atmosphere was nice and our server was very friendly .
1	the decor is great and the service did not let us down !
1	i ate half and it was great the next day as well .
1	being one of the few tables few did provide for amazing service .
1	a great date place .
1	atmosphere is nice and relaxed .
0	we also got the tiramisu which was great .
1	love it !
1	love it !
1	everything on the menu is homemade and super good .
1	our favorite italian restaurant period !
1	this is a hidden gem .
1	the food and prices are excellent .
1	the lunch menu is really reasonable on weekdays and the food was outstanding .
0	it came out piping hot in a dish and was incredible .
1	everything i 've had here has been great .
1	we split a few tiramisu for dessert and they were delicious .
0	service was great .
1	and their lunch specials are wonderful too .
1	awesome !
0	the caprese salad was pretty good .
1	good service although a little slow .
1	great place in chandler if you do n't have too high expectations .
1	fair prices .
1	the dining room has a really charming dcor with a cozy and romantic ambiance .
1	definitely will come back to try more dishes or have the same ones again .
1	it 's so good , i never want to go for anything but .
1	amazing food .
1	great service .
1	always good !
1	the staff is very helpful .
1	fantastic !
1	great atmosphere and pleasant service .
0	the mozzarella was soooo good !
1	best i have had ... really .
1	i recommend saving room for one of their desserts .
1	i eat here regularly and always love it .
1	the service is friendly and prompt and the food is always delicious .
1	great service by tina !
1	and splurge and eat the bread ... worth it !
1	great italian food & import beers on tap .
1	i love this restaurant !
1	they have a great wine selection , and delicious coffee and espresso .
1	i really like this place and will return in the future .
1	the creme brulee is the highest quality i have had in the east valley .
1	would recommend to anyone .
1	great happy hour , great pizza and killer lasagne .
1	also reasonable prices , try it .
1	this is our new favorite italian place !
1	we will definitely be back !
1	great food , though a little pricey , but well definitely be back !
1	i highly recommend it !
1	we absolutely love this restaurant , best italian food in chandler .
1	our whole family gets so excited when we dine there .
1	they always have a couple specials that are mouth watering .
1	did i say amazing , amazing ?
1	excellent service , fantastic food !
0	awesome dinner that we happened upon .
1	good selections .
1	absolutely exquisite .
1	crazy good .
1	definitely going back .
1	this place is consistently good .
1	service is always top notch !
1	everything on the menu is made in-house and the food is fabulous !
1	i love the lasagna and pizza .
1	the bread and salads are also tasty !
0	it was fantastic .
0	the food was delicious .
1	great place for a large group or a small intimate dinner .
1	love this place .
1	we will definitely return .
1	wow .
0	we got the calamari appetizer , which was perfectly cooked and delicious .
1	professional service and great pasta with a great wine selection .
1	the tortellini soup is amazing and the many pasta dishes are wonderful .
1	i really really enjoyed my experience here .
1	we are very happy .
1	i recommend !
1	these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable .
1	very fair and reasonable with the cost of their services .
1	service was top notch and customer service is a huge deal to this location .
1	these guys are fantastic !
1	i refer everyone i can and will continue to do the same .
1	much to my surprise , they have so much more to offer than that !
1	by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
1	1st class service !
1	nathan , nick and the team at this location are great to work with !
1	will be back for more , when the time comes !
1	thanks !
1	top notch customer service !
1	will definitely be going back to tire pros !
1	great service again !
1	i just moved here and it is hard finding new everything !
1	i will be back !
1	thank you !
1	our nail tech , nancy did a wonderful job and she is very talented .
1	i would definitely recommend this salon .
1	she is thorough , patient and very talented in what she does .
1	the staff is very friendly and professional .
1	this place is fantastic .
1	they do it right all the way down to the lemonade .
0	everyone was friendly .
1	i come to this subway quite often for lunch and i am always pleased .
1	best subway ever !
1	( that said , it 's still fast food . )
1	always good hamburgers , fries , and ice cream treats .
1	so , so good .
1	the food is great , the service is awesome .
1	his office is modern , clean and his equipment is up to date .
1	if necessary , he makes outstanding referrals .
1	fantastic service .
1	they did the job correctly and i 'm happy about that .
1	the rewards program is great , especially if you 're getting major service done .
1	great service .
1	thanks pep boys !
1	very satisfied customer !
1	thanks , mike !
1	mike and the guys at pep boys continue to impress me !
1	thanks mike , i am so grateful !
1	excellent and friendly service .
1	great service and prices on new tires for my truck .
1	thank you guys now we fill safe on our road trip .
1	i would definitely recommend this shop !
1	this is a nice place to live .
0	i was out the door for $ _num_ and the glass fit perfectly .
1	they are super friendly and really great at understanding what you are looking for .
1	karaoke steve is the nicest and the bartenders are great .
1	thanks yelper 's for your comments because i had to check this place out .
1	neighborhood bars rock !
1	great service .
1	the bartenders make you feel welcome !
1	the atmosphere here is so welcoming and warm !
1	everyone here is here for the same reason and that 's to have fun !
1	thanks for giving me a great time for a good price !
1	this place is an amazing divey gem !
1	great drink prices .
1	i now have gotten a new honda and will continue to take both cars .
1	friendly people and a great shop that stands by their work .
0	the car was very nice .
1	this branch is our 1st choice !
1	everyone is kind and personable .
1	it will take you places you 've never been .
1	they are professional and efficient .
1	i will continue to take my car rental business here .
1	perfect for meetings where you need easy food .
1	sometime ease of convenience is worth more than taste .
1	pizza is good .
1	i 'd recommend .
1	yet another plus is they deliver , and late .
1	anything and everything on there menu is great !
1	great job and on time .
1	best laundry service ever !
1	and i love it .
1	thanks .
1	i will definitely be returning !
1	trust me , it 's totally worth it !
1	very nice guy !
1	this is a really cool mom & pop diner .
1	it 's what you make it .
0	this was a nice breakfast surprise .
0	its excellent and its owned by a family .
1	seriously , she sucks .
1	great food - great service !
1	i enjoy their lunch salads .
1	get the 1/2 size and i promise you will leave full .
1	great old style mexican breakfast !
1	very nice family environment .
1	also the host , aaron , is great .
1	place is still awesome .
1	unique atmosphere .
1	this was one of the best breakfasts i 've had in quite a while .
1	all the food is very classic american style and delicious .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	the menu has a good mix of american and mexican food .
1	i give it a two thumbs up !
0	service was very good .
1	any of the mexican breakfast items are delicious .
1	sweet oldies playing , my son always enjoys eating here .
1	if you want a spectacular breakfast , this is the place !
1	this is definitely worth the drive to downtown chandler !
1	great spot .
1	very personable and helpful with the menu .
1	great service , super friendly folks - highly recommend this place .
1	this is one of my favorite breakfast places .
1	plates are huge and food is good .
0	my husband had a pancake breakfast with bacon and enjoyed it .
1	most delicious .
1	good experience .
1	great experience , keep this place in mind ... .
0	loved the brother in-laws leftover thin crust too .
1	i 've only had the thin crust , but it is excellent .
1	it is simply the best medium priced delivery pizza in the whole valley .
1	excellent pasta dishes and great meatballs too !
1	server 's all very friendly and efficient .
1	still love rosati 's .
1	i highly recommend trying their sausage .
1	the pizza is awesome .
1	the sauce is perfect and its just the right amount of cheese as well !
1	great pizza and they deliver .
1	awesome pizza !
1	beer is a good deal as well .
1	very good .
1	friendly service .
1	dang we love the original !
1	this place has excellent pizza and wings .
1	small bar and everyone knows everyone .
1	wonderful experience .
1	love the pasta .
1	we always sit in the bar area and service is always outstanding .
1	its always amazing !
1	would highly recommend this place .
1	really enjoy the pan pizza from rosati 's .
1	eating at restaurant is equally good , staff always nice and good vibe .
1	so if you want a great pizza give it a try .
1	we may become a regular here because of how amazing the service was !
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	i love there food .
1	always enjoy my dinner time there .
1	i recommend if you ever want great tasting food .
1	thank you amber !
1	she 's worth the drive from san diego to arizona !
0	it took us nearly _num_ hours and we had a lot of fun .
1	the staff are all very friendly and helpful , explaining everything .
1	the prices are also very reasonable .
1	oasis is premium , the best of the best .
1	best clinic that i have found in the valley .
1	his staff is friendly and always willing to help .
1	he is surprisingly calm around her and she seems to genuinely care for animals .
1	they are kind , caring , and compassionate !
1	the care that is offered is great and the fees are fair .
1	the staff here is excellent , very caring .
1	i have loved the care we have received from all three of them .
1	the whole staff is so caring and kind to you and your pets .
1	first time going to a vet with my sweet bo .
1	the techs are helpful as always .
1	they are easy to get an appointment with and the doctors are very thorough .
1	the staff are fabulous and so friendly .
1	thank you .
1	clean , professional , and truly cares about our dogs .
1	i love the fish tacos .
1	great tacos , cool patio to kick it with a corona .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants in the country .
0	i went back that day for dinner also ... soo good .
1	food is always consistent .
1	servers are always friendly .
1	love the place man !
1	this is what you call a really nice `` hole in the wall '' .
1	the staff is friendly and the food is awesome .
1	the food is always fresh and well prepared .
1	the best fish tacos i have ever had .
1	the food is excellent and the atmosphere is spot-on .
1	without fail the shrimp taco is a hit !
1	i love the pork tacos .
1	you will receive the shit from the owner if you do this .
1	i recommend .
0	a little over priced , but the food was very good !
1	seriously the best fish tacos ever !
1	one of our favorite spots for a casual , quick dinner !
1	i usually get two with a side of rice , bueno !
1	it is far from fancy , but a chandler landmark for sure .
1	they brought in sand to make you feel like you are really in mexico .
1	i recommend you try it and i think you will love it too .
1	this place is authentic and historic and the ambience is unbeatable .
1	nice tropical bar and good happy hour specials .
1	a+ service !
1	some more volume , some more texture .
1	she gave me great layers and a style that 's easy going .
1	everyone else there seems pretty cool , too .
1	the man knows hair .
1	thanks leslie - you 're the best !
1	everyone does hair real well and i am pleased .
0	my experience with your establishment was positive all around .
1	once again the i got the outstanding treatment that keeps me coming back .
1	thanks gang !
1	still very tasty , and what a great deal !
1	they always seem to really appreciate my business when i come in .
1	the customer service is awesome .
1	new ownership !
1	most delicious authentic chinese food !
1	i have to say this restaurant is the best one in phoenix area .
1	important to note this restaurant has changed ownership a few months ago .
1	the service is nothing to desire for but their food is delicious .
1	the food is very authentic !
1	great spot to go to when you want to wash your own car !
0	its a great family owned business !
1	i always feel great knowing i washed my own car when i leave .
0	at any rate , the taste of the glaze was good ... very good .
1	their wings are pretty darn good for the price .
1	love the one that use to be on mill , such memories .
1	it 's a quick go to meal .
1	best wings in arizona !
1	now that they accept credit cards it makes it so much better !
1	pretty good selection of burgers and other fare as well .
0	other than the half a hour wait , the wings were really good .
1	great company .
1	highly recommend .
1	god bless you !
1	great people to work with .
0	prices are very reasonable , appointments were kept and the workmanship was top notch .
1	highly recommended !
1	exceptionally courteous and professional .
1	thanks and we now have an electric go-to company !
1	i would highly recommend these guys !
1	i will definitely use them in the future .
0	payment was very simple and easy .
1	how simple and easy is that !
1	amazing service !
1	i highly recommend you consider them .
1	very impressed .
0	they responded , were here and gone within an hour !
1	amazing service , full explanation of the problem and very professional !
0	mike was very helpful , professional and very knowledgeable .
1	thanks mike and preston .
1	thank you dodge !
1	excellent and genuine technicians .
0	jim came on time as scheduled and did a very professional job .
0	they did a fantastic job .
1	great experience .
1	jim is extremely knowledgable and a pleasure to deal with .
1	my first time using dodge electric and more than good experience .
1	the employees are great .
0	the work was perfect .
1	fair price , professional , on time , and great workmanship .
1	he will always be our electric company in chandler !
1	thanks to a great company !
0	he was on time , friendly , and professional .
1	they are really helpful and honest .
1	i will definitely use them in the future .
1	dodge electric was amazing !
1	we are selling our home and needed a few things fixed .
1	efficient , clean and simply amazing .
1	thanks !
1	awesome service ... on a sunday .
1	so helpful , very fair , highly recommend !
1	what amazing service .
1	great customer service .
0	plus they showed up on time with a courtesy call .
1	thank you dodge electric .
0	best of all they did n't even charge me .
1	very professional , thorough and ethical .
1	i am recommending this company to everyone and i will be a repeat customer !
1	i highly recommend them .
1	great company to do business with !
1	their staff is knowledgeable and informative .
1	thanks , guys -- for all you do !
1	excellent service from beginning to end .
1	top quality customer service !
1	we will use this company again and we are recommending this company to everyone .
1	great company and great service !
0	we recently listed our home , and sold pretty quickly .
1	way to make it right !
1	dodge electric has been terrific to work with .
1	very experienced , professional and competent .
1	thanks again .
1	very professional , seems honest .
1	friendly .
1	the cashiers are fast and friendly .
1	they have really good on the go style breakfast sandwiches .
1	yay qt !
1	love the qt .
1	that 's good enough for me .
1	you can tell the staff are treated well because they treat their customers right .
0	i was shocked at how good this place is .
1	the owner is really nice and the prices are good .
1	i am so happy i made the switch to her office .
1	everyone is so friendly too .
1	she 's an amazing doctor .
1	he said he would be happy to have a look at my camera .
1	will definitely return for any future repairs .
1	i definitely recommend !
1	morris is a great guy to work with !
1	i 'll definitely use this company again .
1	thank you !
1	fair price and great service .
1	would definitely recommend .
0	we went late on a saturday night and had a good experience .
1	every time i go there is great music and awesome customer service .
1	this is my favorite place to bowl !
1	service and tried and true menu is always just good .
1	this starbucks is my favorite because of the great customer service .
1	this is great for mornings when i 'm in a rush .
1	i have yet to encounter a starbucks as great as you .
1	always the right order .
1	great service .
1	the service here has always been good and the staff is friendly .
1	this is one of the nicest starbucks locations i have ever gone to .
1	i will definitely be coming back !
1	great way to get my coffee fix !
1	if anyone knows me , they know my love for coffee .
1	as a former starbucks employee , i recommend this location .
1	just love visiting this starbucks in the mornings !
1	so sweet that some baristas know my name and how i drink my coffee !
1	they are always really quick and super nice !
1	and the parking can occasionally be interesting .
1	really happy with their service and will be a long term customer .
1	bruce and his staff are amazing and incredibly talented .
1	i ca n't recommend them enough !
1	this is a great music shop to do business with .
1	this place is simply awesome .
1	it was surprising and very touching .
1	we 'll definitely be coming here with our other pets from now on .
1	highly recommend this clinic .
1	the staff is amazing and super personable .
1	i have always received wonderful care from the staff and vets there .
1	love this animal clinic !
1	thank you arizona avenue for taking such good care of my pets !
1	staff is friendly , efficient , and totally understanding when it comes to payments .
1	vets are amazing and so patient and caring .
1	they were amazing and very accommodating .
1	they truly truly care about the animal .
1	she is very professional , and truly loves what she does .
1	i am happy and will return to give them my business !
1	overall , they made my first experience ordering flowers online a very pleasant experience .
1	very impressed .
1	i love robert 's catering !
1	so easy to work with !
1	people still talk about my wedding cake .
1	the service is wonderful .
1	really delicious .
1	we are so grateful and the cake looks amazing !
0	robert 's catering made our wedding cake for us .
0	it was delicious !
1	by far the best cakes !
1	actually , they make the best everything .
0	food was delicious and the staff was efficient and unobtrusive .
1	thanks robert and staff for a perfect ending to our wedding .
1	we love this place !
1	the shrimp is great .
1	it 's kind of like a spicy sweet and sour sauce .
1	will come again whenever we crave fish and chip !
1	wow , i am grateful .
1	very professional and his kind approach makes it easy to get an appointment .
1	good for those that expect protection as well as the first timer .
1	i have always had the most professional sevice .
0	i really appreciate his customer service and how helpful he was !
1	dana tire seriously rocks !
1	thank for the awesome service !
1	best customer service i 've had in a long time !
1	great guys .
1	we highly recommend him .
1	thank you fellow yelpers for helping me find this business !
1	i am very happy .
1	really , one of the best businesses and dental offices i have been to .
0	family owned & operated .
1	i highly recommend the mini chimichangas with a huge soda .
1	easily the best tacos i have had here in az , perhaps ca also .
1	they use good ingredients , high quality meat , excellent corn tortillas .
1	we love this place and ca n't get enough of it .
1	best mexican food in az if you want that home made kind of food .
1	the art in the alley behind it is cool too !
1	my personal favorite for mexican food .
1	its a total dive and a chandler high favorite for lunch .
1	i 've also had the tacos al pastor and they are very good .
1	typical environment for places with good food .
1	the food is very good quality and i 'd definitely eat here again .
1	love this place .
1	everything tastes so authentic .
1	always good .
1	great food at great prices .
1	good mexican food .
1	i dream about the tacos from this place !
1	because they have great food !
1	it will never disappoint .
1	food quality , and more importantly taste is far better than any chain food .
1	for my money this is the best bean burrito in the world .
1	beans and tortillas are top notch .
1	quality of food for price is outstanding .
1	tastes like it came from my mothers kitchen !
1	cheap , quick , authentic , delicious .
1	a chandler institution , the food is great , service is awesome .
1	elmer , i love you .
1	and it is always so good .
1	really good chicken tacos , great prices .
1	the green chili is a must .
1	pretty good neighborhood place .
1	i love this place .
1	food has always been very good .
1	pretty reasonable and awesome mexican food .
1	service is very quick and friendly .
1	prices are fair and you get a good amount of food for your buck .
1	the asada is heaven !
0	everyone loved the food !
1	great food .
1	tamales are always good and salsa .
1	they 're so friendly and food is great .
1	it 's so flavorful and tender .
1	the strips are also very good .
0	the staff was friendly and the chips and salsa were great .
1	the prices are extremely reasonable and the atmosphere is definitely very laid back .
1	our favorite taco place !
1	absolutely love love love this place !
1	i love the service here too , they are always friendly .
1	elmer 's is a great , yummy part of chandler !
1	it is good .
1	its pretty good but i 'm usually there for the chips !
1	wow !
1	i love elmer 's and everyone that works there .
0	got a breakfast burrito chimi style .
1	best burrito i 've had in a long time .
1	tasty , affordable and quick .
1	friendly staff .
1	love this place .
1	best breakfast burritos in town .
1	absolutely delicious !
1	elmer 's is some of the best i have ever had .
0	i popped in one day based on reviews and really liked it .
1	it 's very clean and always busy .
1	i loved this place then , and i love it still _num_ years later .
1	bring guests here often and everyone is happy .
1	plus elmer is so nice , love when we get to see him !
1	great authentic mexican food !
1	service is fast and staff are efficient .
1	amazing food .
0	always had great service and yummy food .
1	delicious food !
1	yummy tacos !
1	always good , always fresh , perfect !
1	a local favorite !
1	amazing bean and cheese burrito , potato tacos and the salsa is just amazing .
0	the machaca burrito was super good .
1	they love it too !
1	great prices and always amazing food !
1	the strips & beans and red chili burros are my favorite .
1	there drinks are extra sweet too like mexican pop .
1	first time in _num_ years i 've found a tasty place to go .
1	affordable and tasty all in one place .
1	i love their beans so i always get a bean tostada .
1	really tasty burritos , friendly service and great hot sauce .
1	i recommend checking this place out .
1	i love going here .
1	they have the best food , and are always very friendly .
1	pretty good place that 's very popular .
1	you are going to stand in line , but it 's worth the wait .
1	give it a try !
1	i love chandler eyecare !
0	the office staff was so friendly and helpful !
1	all are very professional .
1	dr. van over is very pleasant .
0	he was friendly and was great at explaining my prescription .
1	needless to say , this is my new eye place .
1	great office .
1	i am a patient for life !
1	the staff at chandler eyecare are great !
1	highly recommended !
1	i recommend this place and will definitely return .
1	just great people !
1	i 've always had a good experience coming here and plan to continue .
0	i got contacts last year and recently got vision insurance .
1	the doctors are very nice and the staff knows there stuff .
1	the frame inventory is great !
1	prep was very thorough , and end result looks great .
1	nice and friendly staff .
1	great office .
1	highly recommend .
0	they got the job done quickly and the quality of the work is fantastic .
1	they are always honest , straightforward , and professional .
1	great service and excellent repairs .
1	exceptional good , very fair and friendly service .
1	highly recommended !
1	superb job and so happy with my car !
1	highly recommended !
1	highly recommended !
1	thanks again andy .
1	extremely happy with chandler auto body !
1	overall , a world class customer experience .
1	cooking with love !
1	the burritos are flavorful , fast and a great value .
1	this place has great food .
0	breakfast , lunch or dinner , you picked a winner with this place !
1	and the people that work here are just great as well .
1	i 'm recommending it for a `` to go '' order .
1	diamond dot has become my favorite spot to eat !
1	the best chips and salsa as well !
1	a hidden gem in the desert .
1	the taco burrito is awesome !
1	the place is packed and tons of ppl coming in and out ordering food .
1	the best mexican food around !
1	great staff , and i 'm super lucky to have found them .
0	willy was extremely professional and polite .
0	he was courteous and did an excellent job .
0	my cat got excellent care and has recovered well .
1	overall we were very pleased with the clinic and will return there next time .
1	the staff is also incredibly friendly and kind to my pets .
1	their service is always timely and affordable .
1	highly recommend !
1	starbucks is great !
1	the staff and service at this location is outstanding !
1	i love stopping here a few times a week and will keep returning !
1	highly recommend coming to this starbucks , definitely my favorite , i love it !
1	the staff are so friendly and awesome .
1	it 's almost _num_ star perfect .
1	well , it 's starbucks .
1	summer , i go for the iced peach green tea .
0	enjoyed the customer service .
1	always friendly every time we arrive .
1	thanks !
1	nice new location .
1	staff is friendly and accommodating .
1	great prices and great services .
1	they are quick and do a very good job !
1	highly recommended !
1	the hot is more like medium , so order accordingly .
1	i am very impressed with all the pharmacy staff at this location .
1	would highly recommend !
1	the food is fresh and fast .
1	i absolutely love this and would recommend her to everyone !
1	his massages are equally amazing and the best i 've ever had .
1	he can make you feel like a new person .
1	great full service salon and spa !
1	what an amazing experience !
1	it was amazing .
1	the facility is clean and busy with clients , always a good sign .
1	nancy the owner and the entire staff is friendly and accommodating .
1	wow !
0	my sandwich was delicious , and they made me a pretty dang good latte .
1	i would recommend it to anyone !
1	sometimes i pick up breakfast from here , and it 's usually pretty good .
1	the is our favorite place for breakfast .
1	they offer some healthy choices as well which is always important !
1	tremendous service .
1	it 's a chain , but it does one thing and does it well .
0	i also liked the buttermilk pancakes , and their potatoes .
1	an extra is a free entree after every six visits .
1	erik , the manager is exceptional !
1	fantastic !
1	eric and kelly are like family .
1	great management and staff .
1	food is great too .
1	will definitely be coming back !
1	one of my favorite breakfast places .
1	it 's a little pricey but worth it for the quality of food .
1	everyone is always super friendly and helpful .
1	also , the food is great !
1	i certainly will continue to be a customer thanks again .
1	the food is delicious and the staff is super friendly !
0	she was so polite and kind .
1	great food , great service .
1	eddie is one of the most attentive , personable servers at this location .
1	he is great to work with and his quality of product is amazing !
1	top quality people , products and workmanship .
1	fast and high quality work !
1	see his review for the coffee cove !
1	please go and visit coffee cove , you wo n't be sorry you did !
1	the service is very friendly and it 's a great atmosphere .
1	please support this local business .
1	the manager is extremely helpful , he knows his pools and parts .
1	never a bad experience , i 'd recommend this location .
1	awesome .
1	the owner is very nice and friendly and so is the staff .
0	meal was fresh and affordable .
1	well worth it .
1	i also like that fact that they make the cream cheese there as well .
1	this place is awesome !
1	he 's very nice and helped me decide on my sandwich .
1	bagel nosh is our favorite local bagel place .
1	the jalapeno cream cheese is one of my favorites .
1	fast , friendly service , reasonable prices .
1	this place hand changed hands many times over the years but remains open !
1	i love this place .
1	the coffee is exceptional .
1	yum yum !
1	it looks great !
1	same great service and food !
1	this place is fantastic .
1	definitely will be back .
1	wow , very impressed !
1	we will definitely be coming back .
1	pretty decent for a bagel place .
0	he was cool .
1	delicious bagel sandwiches !
1	great friendly fast service !
1	their breakfast sandwiches and bowls are delicious !
0	great service from a family run company !
1	overall we really enjoy going here .
1	my family and i love this bagel nosh !
1	the staff and owners are so welcoming and friendly .
1	love this place !
1	it 's such a clean place and the staff is really friendly !
1	the inside is clean and the staff is friendly .
1	bagel nosh makes me happy in the mornings !
1	like most americans , i dream of a good bagel .
1	they have a huge variety of sandwiches and bagels .
1	hands down the best bagels in town .
0	family owned and operated and it 's all hands on deck !
1	freshest possible bagels ... super friendly staff .
1	this place is a ton of fun .
1	the food is great and its a good place to drop into .
1	it has to be good to do that right ?
1	i will definitely be back .
1	i have recommended her to friends , family and coworkers .
1	she is amazing .
1	they have great prices and honest service .
1	i will absolutely work with them as much as i can in the future .
1	this place is clean , professional and convenient .
1	the sales guys are vey knowledgable about what tool is best for each job .
1	the guys treat me like norm from cheers .
1	always do a nice job and are reliable .
1	this is the best place in the valley for nails .
1	all the workers are super nice & they did a great job .
1	this place is wonderful !
1	this place is great !
1	i 'm really satisfied with the service they have provided !
1	the owners are great and everyone is so personable and friendly !
1	great people .
1	i love this salon .
1	i love tony !
1	best foot massages in town when you get a pedicure !
1	great looking , clean salon .
0	all of our order was right , food was good staff very friendly .
1	oh , the salad bar is pretty good too .
1	these guys are the best !
1	smiley nails is a great experience ; relaxing , professional and personal .
1	very friendly salon .
1	the place is beautifully decorated .
1	i am also impressed with their nail polish selection !
1	the staff has always been accessible and have created a wonderful learning environment .
1	the facility is large , bright and very well taken care of .
1	it 's all about your particular needs and what fits into your budget .
0	still a bargain compared to human medicine .
1	my dogs are like family and they get the best care .
1	this place is great !
1	well , that a risk you take when you are a pet owner .
1	we love it here !
1	the prices are great for what you 're getting .
1	the staff is amazing !
0	beautifully maintained property in a great location !
1	they care about their residents providing excellent service .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	will defiantly keep this in mind when i 'm in need of new tires !
1	these guys know what customer service is !
1	austin is the best .
1	amazing they remember customers and take care of your concerns !
1	these guys are great !
1	great place clean inside !
1	great place !
1	that 's amazing service .
1	i will totally call these guys first next time thanks to ben .
1	they are always very caring and gentle with my animals .
1	my husband and i are so thankful to have found this clinic .
1	i highly recommend prestige !
1	i love them , they are great , caring and very knowledgeable .
1	classy music .
1	thanks from your friendly pest guy you see in the morning .
1	the service is always great at this location !
1	these guys are great !
1	highly recommend !
1	i will definitely return for my next oil change .
1	the business is very clean and close to restaurants .
1	thank you bob .
1	i have referred family and friends and will keep coming back !
1	great place to watch any sporting event or ufc .
1	the food always comes out fast and hot !
0	overall it was a good atmosphere and well priced .
1	excellent place to watch football .
1	i heart this this place !
0	our server was really helpful , and handled our table of _num_ well .
1	great food !
1	if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
1	this place is full of enthusiastic sports fans and there are tv 's everywhere !
1	bww has by far the best boneless wings ever .
1	what a wonderful number , eh ?
1	great set up for watching football games .
1	super friendly staff !
1	great service .
1	: ) thank you !
0	the wings were good and nicely sauced , the fried pickles were delicious too .
1	this is a great location as far as papa john 's go .
1	orders are always perfect and pizza is n't undercooked like some locations .
1	i love the text deals every day .
1	love tony for my nails and lisa for my toes and eye brows !
1	i have been coming to this place for over _num_ years .
1	the service is outstanding .
1	lord knows it was time to show love on my toes .
1	lisa has been great !
1	the group classes will definitely give you a good work out !
1	i 've had my private lessons with jacob , who is a great teacher .
1	you will always feel welcome .
1	casey is mellow , fun and really knows his stuff .
1	the guys at this pool store have been great .
1	recommended a bunch of different actions we could take , chemicals , parts etc .
1	and the food is great and priced right .
1	the owner is awesome with a great sense of humor .
0	this was a great find .
1	thank you for the new tree !
1	i must say , applebee 's has really stepped up their game lately !
1	the drink menu is also really good .
1	the customer service is quite wonderful ; everyone is very friendly and helpful .
0	we enjoyed the new lunch combos .
0	went here for lunch today and i was very impressed .
1	thanks guys !
1	no frills , honest , good value .
0	this business was recommended by people at my church .
0	i went there and i was quite happy .
1	very happy with the response and communication !
1	we have found an honest , affordable , reliable a/c repair company .
1	thank you , april air !
1	thanks a million !
1	april air is hands down the best .
1	good honest company .
1	scott is the best technician and very nice .
1	i highly recommend this company !
1	happy owner .
1	honest !
1	very affordable pricing as well !
1	great job !
0	i had a french dip and it was delicious .
1	i 've always had a good time !
1	they usually have people playing and some good competition .
1	great bar !
1	i absolutely love famous sam 's !
1	they are fast and always willing to change something if you ask .
1	especially stan !
0	we loved our experience at forever diamonds .
1	excellent prices and so very very helpful .
1	everyone at this jewelry store is wonderful !
1	their prices are very reasonable .
0	rusty also beautifully gift wrapped it for me .
1	* fair trade in value .
1	every experience i 've had here has been fantastic .
1	the cashier was also super helpful in helping us find more ways to save !
1	terrific associates , clean store that is always in tip top shape .
1	the customer service here is top notch .
1	kohl 's is definitely one of my go-to places for clothes shopping .
1	they also do in store pick up or deliver straight to your door .
1	i 'm hooked !
1	awesome place !
1	worth the drive at least once .
1	the staff are nice as well .
1	they lined my trunk and i am very happy with the results .
1	sean and the crew at unique car audio are the best !
1	i 'm a bit surprised about the comments on here .
1	course conditions are very good , especially for the price .
1	great carts with gps , and really good prices and deals available online .
1	the price was terrific and would play this course again .
1	and most importantly , the car honestly looks as good as new .
1	they 're not cheap , but they do a great job .
1	very fast , friendly and do an excellent job !
1	very friendly and helpful .
1	the staff is very friendly and helpful and the store in always clean .
1	sometimes with nachos , sometimes with a burrito .
1	good food ... it 's taco bell , and the staff was cool .
1	i 'll take the last _num_ thank you .
1	this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .
1	the ambiance is really nice too .
0	food was great and service very fast .
1	just a fun place to eat .
1	very good food , nice servers and a real treat to be here .
1	really good .
1	weekends are always packed .
0	loved it !
1	great all around .
1	breakfast is wonderful .
1	prices are good .
1	very good food .
1	food is great usually especially the burritos .
1	nice atmosphere with the lighting low .
1	they have good portion sizes .
1	the best place i have ever eaten in arizona friendly staff .
1	so good !
0	played with co workers and everybody enjoyed .
0	beautifully maintained and more than reasonably priced .
1	love golfing this course !
1	friendly staff .
1	their kindness and knowledge was amazing .
1	i highly recommend this company to anyone in need !
1	everyone is very friendly and helpful .
1	the store is very clean and organized too .
1	if you pay attention to there sales you can get lots of good buys .
1	however , recently it is much improved .
1	thanks .
1	awesome job and nice guy !
1	very happy with the results and we will be having jeff back again .
1	these guys always go above and beyond .
1	they give us awesome deals , so we always go back .
1	super friendly owners !
0	i really loved the wings .
1	the place is small , clean and very friendly .
1	i will say i have had their steak sandwich before and it was amazing !
1	i am exciting to try the rest of the menu .
1	great pizza .
1	two thumbs way up !
1	they also have great appetizers and their pasta really yummy too !
1	best service and best food ever !
1	very well worth it .
0	it was good !
0	owner was most gracious .
0	good family owned restaurant .
1	love supporting local business .
0	food was good service was even better .
1	the pieces are also very reasonable .
1	sometime they run special is your their facebook friend .
1	the pizza taste great too !
1	very good pizza and calzones !
1	genuinely good pizza !
1	they even deliver within a large range of miles .
1	we will return for sure !
1	i recommend it !
1	i have heard that this place is really good .
1	i will be ordering again .
1	seems like the workers love their job as well .
1	love this place !
1	it 's a real mom and pop place i would highly recommend !
1	this is by far our favorite pizza place .
1	the wings are our favorite , sweet hot in particular .
1	a bit expensive but extremely delicious .
1	pizza is always top notch .
1	prices very good .
1	everything that we have ate from this place has been pretty good .
1	everything we 've had here has been good !
1	the pastas and meatball sandwiches here are delicious !
0	the food was great quality and priced well .
1	for darn good ny pizza , this is the place to go !
1	love the meatball pizza , simply delicious !
1	still the best around !
1	one of my favorite pizza delivery places in the gilbert area .
1	lots of choices and the everything we have ordered is awesome !
1	it 's the best .
1	the crust is the best .
1	just the right amount of sauce and toppings .
1	it definitely lives up to their praise .
1	all in all , i will eat there again .
1	we are extremely pleased with their service and food products .
1	soooo ... we have eaten here a lot !
1	great wings , delicious pizza , very kind delivery staff .
1	the delivery people are always so friendly .
1	overall , this is a pretty nice joint .
1	very , very nice course .
0	the starter was cool .
1	courses are awesome and always have great rates .
1	the staff is always friendly and professional .
1	the guys in the shop are great too .
1	awesome value .
1	huge servings for great prices .
1	freshly prepared , generous portions , excellent service .
1	i 'm am very pleased to live close by !
1	great flavor !
1	we love the take out !
1	mongolian beef is awesome .
1	great design ideas , gary really knows his plants !
1	nice old school barber shop .
1	flawless consistency every time .
1	i drive from gilbert because they are worth it .
0	highly recommended .
0	tony was so nice and professional .
1	i love the staff and the work that they do .
1	they are friendly and enjoy their customers .
1	this place is so much fun !
1	breakfasts seem pretty standard , delicious and not remarkably healthy .
1	fun !
1	family place .
1	totally recommend it .
1	we enjoy this place mostly because it s a serious hidden hideaway place .
1	and it is amazing for kids .
1	i love coming to this place !
1	the espresso is excellent .
1	great spot and atmosphere !
0	the food was great .
1	highly recommended !
1	very good chow .
1	the food is good and service is excellent .
1	i definitely recommend either of those choices .
1	i also love that you can watch the little planes take off .
1	great food at a great price !
1	food is always hot !
1	great service from the staff and very generous and affordable meals .
1	very fun to take your kids and look at the planes as well !
1	definitely will go back !
1	reminds me of a small town cafe , loved it and will go back !
1	the diner style food was good , and i would recommend the hash browns .
1	we will definitely go back .
1	food was amazing especially the breakfast burrito .
1	very cool unique little restaurant .
1	great place to take kids , especially boys .
1	menu vast and has a mexican flair with old school diner .
0	food was phenomenal , well seasoned and definitely fresh .
1	a go to again for sure !
1	i loved it and will definitely be back !
1	my kids love it and the food is yummy .
1	nice menu , and friendly staff .
1	please try it out !
1	this is a great , good ol diner .
1	definitely one of my favorite breakfast spots .
1	my two girls love coming here .
1	the service has always been excellent for me and the breakfast is always delicious .
1	nothing fancy just simple breakfast done right ; what more can you ask for .
1	recommend to everyone !
1	breakfast as good as it gets .
1	will definitely be back .
1	love the vibe of this cute breakfast spot .
1	a weekend favorite !
1	coffee is so-so , but the taco omelet is so delicious .
1	i love taking my boys here .
1	got to watch planes take off while eating - great for kids !
1	great for kids , especially young kids .
1	see some of my photos .
1	killer omelets and outstanding fluffy , never greasy , hash browns .
1	i will return !
1	still , i recommend this place often and will be back .
1	thanks shannon for super service !
1	it 's a fun atmosphere with friendly staff.
1	good breakfast not the best i 've ever had but pretty good .
1	really nice place to grab a breakfast or lunch .
1	it 's set right in the airport , which is cool .
1	what a great combo !
1	i have been here for breakfast a few times and i love it !
1	i love that you can watch the planes take off and all that .
1	great place to relax and check out the planes .
1	would recommend it to at least check it out !
1	what neat find !
1	great find and definitely recommend !
1	oh well , onto lunch !
1	great atmosphere here considering the flight line is right beside the cafe .
0	a good old fashioned cheeseburger and friendly staff .
1	fantastic diner .
1	great way to start your day in chandler , az !
1	quality staff and atmosphere .
0	the food was delicious and very reasonably priced .
1	the kiddo really enjoyed watching the planes , too .
1	my favorite breakfast place around , and their lunch is good too !
1	awesome drink deals , food is all made to order and always hot .
0	our family chose this before a baseball game today and very glad we did .
1	highly recommended for anyone wanting a little something different .
1	my favorite breakfast in chandler .
1	friendly servers and patrons .
0	the hash brown were buttery and excellent too .
1	a family favorite !
1	wonderful food and fun atmosphere !
1	planes coming in and it right outside the window !
1	very unique , little greasy spoon spot in chandler !
0	the service was excellent ; friendly and fast .
1	friendly staff .
1	good food .
1	decent prices .
1	will be back !
1	my favorite local place for breakfast .
1	airport burrito is a favorite .
1	i love samurai .
0	so glad we found you and best of luck to your wonderful small business !
1	the customer service is great .
1	they truly make me feel like family .
1	i 'll be back to see laura again soon for sure !
1	laura is still the queen of making me look clean and pretty !
0	got it exactly right .
1	this place is very clean and appointments are quick and easy .
1	this is the best place to get your brows done .
1	this place is great !
1	laura has now moved to the wind and water spa in scottsdale .
1	she was great and i love the results !
1	i will definitely go back !
1	great specials .
1	thank goodness for brooke at the brow lady !
1	i 'm coming back and bringing all my friends and family .
1	love this salon !
1	brooke is the best i 've ever had with waxing .
1	i really and truly love her work !
1	so ... i will keep her a secret !
1	courtney does great waxing !
1	she was nice to chat with and my nails look phenomenal !
1	erica is awesome !
1	-- i am hooked !
1	i can always count on an appointment at the time i want .
0	the facial was the best !
1	cute cafe with well prepared plates .
1	high quality food , wonderful atmosphere .
1	yeah guys , this is definitely a breakfast spot .
1	the omelets are delish and the side of fruit is almost always sweet .
1	good thing we decided to wait it out because bc is delicious .
1	all i can say is wow !
1	good food and freindly staff .
1	the energy is great , the people are fun .
1	awesome .
0	the flavors were so well blended !
1	coffee is perfect .
1	a very popular place in scottsdale .
1	i usually order pancakes , bacon and eggs with fresh oj .
1	delicious breakfast .
1	they are the best .
1	clean and yummy .
1	it 's always packed every day here with a line out the door !
0	the service was excellent .
0	food was good and plentiful .
1	the crunchy almonds and fresh berries on top are a great touch .
1	service is always prompt & courteous .
0	conveniently located in the heart of old town scottsdale .
1	they have great , innovative dishes , using fresh , local ingredients .
1	one of my favorite breakfast places .
1	the food is always delicious .
1	pretty basic food choices , but really cute interior .
0	coffee was delicious .
1	this is a must for anyone wanting a tasty southwestern breakfast in scottsdale .
0	we had build your own omelettes .
0	made great menu suggestion and was very nice !
1	the breakfast club is as good as you 'll find .
1	the blueberry pancakes are superb , their coffee is beyond description .
1	a great spot within walking distance ... a beauty .
1	every time i go there , the service has been great .
1	best breakfast place i 've ever been to in all my life .
1	their strawberry jam is freshly made .
1	the steak & eggs is freaking delicious !
1	the breakfast club happens to be a rare gem in a prime location .
1	place is really nice , clean and welcoming .
0	server was nice and attentive .
1	by far one of my favorite places to have breakfast .
1	this really helps with the early morning wait .
1	it was delicious , we will definitely return to the breakfast club !
1	best breakfast ever !
1	good service .
0	the challah bread french toast was unique .
0	the service was great .
1	great bfast and even better coffee .
1	i love their fresh juices as well .
1	the best breakfast in scottsdale !
1	service is so nice and coffee delish !
1	the new renovation makes it hip , classy and fun !
1	love the new `` bar '' !
1	lunch is also incredible !
0	also i tried a bite of huevos rancheros and they were quite good .
1	people that are giving this place only _num_ stars are absolutely insane .
1	fast and good service .
1	this place is a local gem .
0	the second day had a veggie scramble that was fantastic .
1	same great food and service are still there .
1	good food and the new ambiance is nice .
1	love it here , after their big remodel the wait is n't as long .
1	the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
1	if you have a chance to visit this place , definitely do so .
1	i love this place .
1	consistent , quality food - we enjoy going there about once a month !
1	cute spot , gets busy on the weekends .
1	it it much more spacious since the renovation !
1	best combination of sweet and cold .
1	service is alway fast and friendly .
1	but a good spot to enjoy for an early morning bite .
1	great place for breakfast .
1	definitely a go to place .
1	good wait service and timely delivery of food .
1	great egg white omlette .
1	i highly recommend this place for any meal .
1	otherwise a winner .
1	very good meal !
1	i really enjoyed eating at the breakfast club .
1	love this place !
1	the fruit and avocado 's are consistently some of the best !
1	this is one of the best breakfast joints in phoenix .
1	we all where stuffed and extremely happy with breakfast .
1	they also make an incredible grilled cheese .
1	the best breakfast place i 've been to so far !
1	this is definitely a place to try at least once !
1	great food , you never know who you might run into their .
1	this is one of my favorite places to eat for breakfast !
1	always a great experience !
0	the two servers i recently had here were fabulous and quite funny as well .
1	this is our favorite place for sunday brunch !
1	great pancakes !
0	the wait was worth it .
1	it 's worth it .
0	our group of nine was seated quickly and the service was great .
1	great food !
1	everything you can possibly order here is probably amazing .
1	good food and wait is waaaay better since they expanded awhile back .
1	i love this place .
1	they changed the interior which is more inviting and open .
1	well worth it !
1	the inside looks great since their remodel .
1	this is a great place for breakfast in scottsdale .
0	the salmon lox was delicious .
1	this is the best breakfast i have ever had !
1	the food is well worth the wait !
1	great service too !
0	it was good - really good .
1	the restaurant is full of energy , comfortable , and the food is great .
1	you should give it a try .
1	this place is amazing !
1	they have amazing fresh juices , i enjoyed the pineapple juice .
1	fantastic food !
1	pancakes , waffles and french toast are awesome .
1	love the iced t !
1	wait staff is great , very efficient and nice people there .
0	i forgot how good it was !
1	very clean and has a good scottsdale feel .
1	excellent find !
1	awesome place !
1	it 's huge , and delicious .
1	we will definitely be coming back !
1	this is the place , people !
1	this is an excellent place for breakfast .
0	the fruit was so fresh and my meal was exactly what i needed .
1	the coffee is the best !
1	nothing fancy here , just solid food .
1	i love that you can find really fresh and healthy options here .
0	everything was perfect and so fresh .
0	i also love the ambience .
1	food is fresh and tasty .
1	service is excellent .
1	decor is bright and airy .
1	very good quality ingredients .
1	definitely go !
1	there is pretty much always a wait on the weekends .
1	it 's a very popular spot , and for good reason .
1	the food is great , the atmosphere is nice and the service is swift .
1	in addition , make sure that you try their coffee .
1	great place .
0	strawberries and almonds were a nice touch .
1	love this place and i will go again .
1	i had a great experience here , i hope you do too !
1	the eggs benedict are excellent .
1	this place is my go-to every weekend .
1	their bc iced coffee is incredible and the eggs benedict is good .
1	i agree with other reviews that the service and food are both fantastic .
1	the best breakfast spot in arizona !
1	awesome menu selections , helpful staff , and fast service .
1	this place is delicious and popular but very packed .
1	the menu is simple yet complex in flavorful choices .
1	great open ambiance , with outdoor seating as well .
1	have got to explore more of its menu .
1	the servers are all pretty and cheerful .
0	i liked this place !
1	i would recommend it to anyone !
1	wow !
1	love the vibes lots of people and energy yet casual and fun .
1	thank you stephen !
1	thanks to a friend for recommending this place .
1	perfect to start your day with a hearty breakfast .
0	it was huge and delicious .
1	love this place !
1	totally worth the money , great service and wonderful atmosphere .
1	i look forward to visiting again in the future !
1	oh yeah and i forgot to mention the pancakes .
1	highly recommend .
1	wait staff upbeat and helpful .
1	this is a really good breakfast joint .
1	the eggs are good , bacon is great and fresh squeezed juices rock !
1	this place is one of the top in the area for a reason .
0	i got the monster burrito , and was full for most of the day .
1	if you ca n't call ahead you can always go straight to the bar .
1	servers are nice .
1	love this place !
0	the staff was very friendly and welcoming .
1	we ate here two mornings , and enjoyed both meals .
1	service is efficient and the restaurant is in a great location too .
1	amazing what great service everyone was getting during the morning before the super bowl .
0	food was delicious .
1	servers are amazing and food is delicious !
1	def recommend everyone to eat here .
0	it was delicious .
1	attractive place with good food at fair prices .
1	great , quick breakfast two days in a row .
1	casual breakfasts ... .
1	tables and a great bar area .
1	staff : very cute and friendly .
1	attentive and seems like the locals love them .
1	great for the hungry and the healthy .
1	everything i 've tried here is delicious .
1	great food .
1	i definitely recommend people to try this place !
1	the prices are very reasonable as well .
1	everything taste good and there mimosas are off the chain !
1	bacon is really good .
1	if u want a great breakfast and nice drinks go here .
1	love this place .
1	awesome establishment with a great wait staff .
1	great people watching and good food in oldtown !
1	pretty casual there , but makes it trendy .
1	you can also see into the kitchen which is pretty interesting .
0	my first visit to the breakfast club was great !
0	our waitress was friendly and prompt .
1	one of the best breakfast/brunch places in old town scottsdale .
1	this goes very well with the best bloody mary 's in town , spicy !
1	delish !
0	server was great !
1	i 've been here twice now with my wife and the food is good .
1	the outside patio is nice .
1	love the waffles and fruit .
1	but i promise you , it 'll be worth it .
1	the food is outstanding .
1	my favorite breakfast spot to go to .
1	amazing ambiance and a fun place to meet with friends .
1	very nice decor with an extremely friendly staff .
1	they have a wide variety of choices from drink to food .
1	i highly recommend the bc french toast with fresh berries and walnuts !
1	i found the service very good despite being busy .
1	love this place , short wait on a sunday .
0	well done bc !
1	i would definitely recommend their white chocolate mocha !
1	excellent .
1	good service .
1	nice outside setting .
1	love love love this place !
1	it 's amazing !
1	also do the breakfast grilled cheese - best sandwich ever !
1	this place is awesome .
1	i 'm someone who loves large portions for breakfast and this place truly delivers .
1	everything about this place is the best .
1	nice simple decor .
0	the omelet i tried was delicious , service was great .
0	my friend got the burrito bowl which was amazing !
1	the menu options are incredible .
0	the food was very good .
0	sat with my wife and friends , everything we ordered was fantastic .
1	best breakfast in town !
1	their waffle is also amazing , best waffle in town for sure !
1	the food portions are huge , and delicious !
0	overall experience was great !
1	its excellent !
1	also the best wait staff ever .
1	very good fresh breakfast many healthy items to choose from .
1	very clean .
1	excellent service .
1	above and beyond .
1	service was good and i will return and/or recommend .
1	glad i stumbled across this place and will definitely be back for more !
1	food was great and menu options are awesome .
1	and the waitresses are easy on the eyes .
1	super nice !
1	it is a jen of place with great breakfast .
0	they came highly recommended by the manager from our hotel and we loved everything .
0	sweet potato fries were tasty and maybe the best french dip i 've had .
1	i would definitely recommend going there for breakfast or lunch !
1	i personally like the border bowl but everything is good .
1	great brunch place .
1	we been here couple times and we will come back here for sure .
1	good food , good service .
1	generous pours for the mimosas !
1	very good breakfast place ; best pancakes and pineapple juice in old town !
1	yes you will pay a little more , but it worth it .
1	nice to sit outside .
0	ordered a chai tea latte at barista bar which was very good .
1	very good meal and more than i could finish !
1	this is a cute brunch spot .
1	everything tastes fresh and flavorful .
1	great spot for breakfast in the trendy east hollywood neighborhood of scottsdale .
1	staff is extremely friendly and service is top notch .
1	the burrito bowl is excellent , as is the huevos rancheros .
1	fresh fruit is fresh - now there 's a statement .
1	the menu is somewhat limited but it 's all good .
0	fresh squeezed oj and amazing service !
1	best mimosas & delicious food !
1	great service every time we 've been here !
1	we love this place .
1	one of the best breakfast places on earth .
1	truly a staple in our town .
1	their service is always friendly and the atmosphere is bright and cheery .
1	the fruit is always bright and a good portion .
1	good service.
1	it was amazing .
1	staff very friendly .
0	everyone in my party was happy with their food .
1	great to stop in after the morning rush hour crowd .
1	always the same great food and service !
1	so friendly to our dog !
1	love it , it 's a sun morning staple for us !
1	quality food .
1	i have been to this fantastic place numerous times for breakfast .
1	the french toast is awesome .
1	good to know that small businesses that are ethical still exist .
1	highly recommend these guys .
1	a friend recommended i call bob 's tv service .
1	this is a honest , quality company that understands customer service .
1	thank you !
1	super fast , friendly , professional and all at a fair price .
1	friendly !
1	we would definitely recommend bob 's to friends , family and coworkers !
1	thank you steve !
1	you really can believe the 5-star ratings .
1	great service and response time on a saturday !
1	ok , well its not that good .
1	so much fun !
1	the stadium is a nice venue .
1	have fun !
1	great park .
1	such a great spring training stadium !
1	totally worth it !
1	wow !
1	here , they are everywhere and it 's great .
1	they have a good selection of food and beer .
1	still had lots of fun watching spring training games here .
1	love it !
1	we loved being so close to the players .
1	stadium is awesome , clean and exciting !
1	sf giants game !
1	i love the giants , and i love coming to scottsdale for spring training .
1	beautiful stadium !
0	first timer and i had a blast !
1	what a great way to celebrate the beginning of summer .
1	great up close & personal with our sf giants .
1	the on going breeze was refreshing , off setting the night heat .
1	best spring training stadium in az !
1	i recommend going to both at least !
1	it 's amazing !
1	thank you giants for being so amazing !
0	polite , excited to see all the fans , and clearly enjoy their jobs .
1	spring training is the best !
0	loved the whole experience !
1	a lot of choices to pick from .
1	gorgeous stadium !
1	i enjoyed being there and really liked my hair .
1	much better than before !
0	she gave me the style i had requested and did an excellent job .
1	this is a wonderful store .
1	i ca n't really describe the vehicles other than they were absolutely gorgeous .
1	the cars a amazing to see !
1	scottsdale at its best !
1	what a great event .
1	very disrespectful !
1	overall , pretty nice vendors & beautiful cars !
1	best cars will be sold tomorrow !
1	a great place to buy a classic car .
0	well organized .
1	i 'll be back in all the years to come !
1	overall it was awesome and we will definitely be back .
1	i saw some really good cars go for very reasonable prices .
1	good job !
1	definitely recommend this dress shop in old town !
1	i would recommend this store to anyone !
1	thanks !
1	stephanie helped me and she is the best !
1	so personable and very caring , i felt like a true bride there !
1	had a great time trying on dresses here !
1	i found a dress that i absolutely love and ca n't stop thinking about !
0	i loved it and her !
1	this is a nice place .
1	i promise you wo n't be disappointed !
1	she has been cutting my girlfriend 's and my hair for years .
1	the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .
1	she does not rush you and will make sure everything is done right .
1	the hair colors he uses stand out but stay professional and realistic looking .
1	definately worth the extra cost to save time from running from place to place .
1	i will definitely be back to see him soon .
1	i 've been getting my hair done here for years and i love it .
1	the salon is clean and friendly .
1	the salon is always clean and the staff is really friendly .
1	i highly recommend the stylist rhonda .
1	eddie is thorough , honest and talented .
1	love this girl !
0	she was incredible for my brazilian wax .
1	he is truly the best !
1	receptionists are friendly and assistants all are more than happy to help !
0	he did a great hair massage , that was the best part .
1	thanks joey !
1	she did an amazing job , i absolutely love my hair !
1	scarlett is wonderful and gives a great hair cut every time .
1	i 've already recommended her to friends and co workers !
0	i absolutely love the color and cut of my hair !
1	i keep getting compliments !
1	i will keep going to her forever !
0	she was excellent .
1	great location and excellent services !
1	i love what she does with color !
1	she made my horrible brown hair look beautiful again .
1	my stylist , jessica , really knows what she 's talking about .
0	the color turned out beautifully .
1	he is awesome at coloring , cutting and styling .
1	he listens well and he is nice to talk to .
1	thank you , shawn , for the great cuts !
1	they 're very clean , friendly and well maintained !
1	scarlett cuts my hair now !
1	all the reviews about her are right on point !
1	the salon is beautiful , staff are friendly and helpful .
1	brow bar is fabulous also !
1	this place knows how to represent the brand .
1	it 's so cute now !
1	love the fries !
1	it just got an update and it looks so shiny and new !
1	great looking store !
1	they are clean and fast and the food is always fresh .
1	delicious .
1	this is the best little pizza joint in tempe .
1	this is a prime place to drink and dine .
1	i love the slices !
1	this place rocks .
1	the owner is the designer and they have really cool unique stuff .
1	i 'll be seeing you again soon !
1	intimate , friendly and in no way intimidating .
0	we were in good hands and confident in our purchases .
1	this is bread heaven .
1	this guys make the best oatmeal cookies and scones in the valley !
1	they are delicious .
1	everyone is very friendly and helpful as well .
1	thanks for being a good neighbor .
1	highly recommend them .
1	give it a shot !
1	service is amazing and staff is extremely knowledgeable .
1	worth the time and money !
1	cute little sandwich shop .
1	if you are one that enjoys farmers markets , you will love this place !
1	great customer service and selection .
1	go check it out !
0	went to the bakery today and it was fantastic .
1	it 's worth the search .
1	the vip bathrooms are pretty tremendous as well .
1	great drinks .
1	staff very professional and nice .
1	fridays are the best !
1	i 've had multiple wonderful experiences at crown .
1	always a fun crowd with an ultra lounge feel .
1	lots of good memories at this place .
1	i need the thrill of the hunt !
1	she is an incredible pro .
1	super fast and easy .
1	cool people working there .
1	good customer service which is surprising for a big chain .
0	got ta appreciate that .
1	thanks tony !
1	the atmosphere is stylish and welcoming .
1	it 's friendly and nicely decorated .
1	she 's got a perfect personality for the nail biz .
1	the salon is clean and the conversation is always easy and interesting !
1	let me start by saying how great everyone is here !
0	i loved it .
1	i love this place .
1	very clean , updated and the service is amazing .
1	first and foremost the staff is awesome , and the place is clean .
1	and their salsa is amazing , so fresh and tasty !
1	good food , great prices , and it 's casual and quick .
1	this place is great .
1	good , close to work , and cheap !
1	overall , i 'd definitely recommend .
1	this is our go to lunch spot when i visit my sister .
0	i liked it though .
1	delicious and a great value !
1	chips and salsa are tasty too !
1	i 've tried many of their dishes and all have been fantastic !
1	this is a hidden gem .
1	highly recommended if you are looking for great mexican food .
1	best mexican i have had in old town .
0	green chili pork burrito was very good as well .
1	definitely will return !
1	good food , good beer , affordable , and most importantly ... character .
1	best green corn tamales around .
1	i 'll be visiting here more !
1	this is my favorite mexican food restaurant .
1	good prices .
1	the staff are so sweet .
1	i eat here just about every weekend before work .
1	and the people that work there are always super friendly !
1	love them !
1	good , fast and inexpensive mexican food .
1	it 's amazing !
1	the staff is friendly and the food is always fresh and tasty as hell .
1	the mini chimis are wonderful with the cream cheese jalapeno dip .
1	tacos are always right on .
1	good food , good service , good prices .
1	it is nothing fancy but we 'll worth a visit !
1	great customer service also !
0	i had the beef tacos , rice and beans which was delicious !
1	the staff was friendly and speedy , i will definitely be back .
1	this place is great , it always has been !
1	excellent food and service .
1	would highly recommend it .
0	it was delicious and very filling .
1	a great place to get some excellent mexican food in a casual setting .
1	the food is awesome .
1	the people at the counter are nice and very efficient .
1	everything i have eaten here is authentic from old arizona restaurants .
1	thanks again , we 'll definitely be back !
1	very tasty quick stop .
0	super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
1	this place is fantastic .
1	soooo good !
1	a great ending to a long day at work !
1	hopefully everyone enjoys an easy , quick , yummy spot like me !
1	this is a delicious burger !
1	staff is good .
0	the fries were really good !
1	a very tasty meal to end the year on .
1	great food .
1	i do n't care what anyone says , i love you julio g !
1	i love that too .
1	this is my go to place now that i moved back to scottsdale .
1	love the chimis and my mom likes the fish tacos .
1	the service is a-ok but the food i 'm definitely a fan of !
1	he very thorough and always take the time to listen to my needs .
1	the hot sauce and condiments are great , and the people are friendly .
1	you know its good when your the only white person in there .
1	in particular , as others have mentioned , the al pastor is fantastic .
1	some of the best authentic street tacos in the usa .
1	when i think authentic mexican street tacos , tj 's is the spot !
1	clutch !
1	i really like this place .
1	dos is my favorite scottsdale bar because of the relaxed atmosphere .
1	you may even see the occasional body shot .
1	everybody likes dos .
1	cheap drinks , good eats and a nice relaxed atmosphere .
1	really good .
1	like , no joke .
1	fun place to come drink and socialize in the evening .
1	this place is a good escape in the scottsdale scene .
1	old town is the location of the original dos gringos .
1	known for a at home feeling dos provides great bartenders and a friendly staff .
1	they 're both great after a couple drinks .
0	went with a group of about _num_ and had a great time .
0	loved the fried chimichanga .
1	will be going here when i visit my brother again !
0	loved the gringos !
1	great atmosphere !
1	great happy hour !
1	happy taco tuesday !
1	after that , the atmosphere and decorations are pleasing while service was average .
1	love it .
1	one of my favorite places for the culture and the food .
1	the street and gringo fish tacos are awesome too !
1	this place is always fun , the bartenders are always great .
0	the waitstaff was overall nice and they checked back at us here and there .
0	not one complaint from anybody we were with .
1	its low key and fun and always full of interesting people .
1	this is always a fun place to come in and have a brew .
1	their outdoor patio seating is fun and actually quite charming .
1	the staff have always been friendly and quick with service .
1	great drink specials and happy hour entres are just a few bucks .
1	so good .
1	great food and a fun place to hang before a spring training game !
1	i love the outdoor seating .
1	fun place .
1	good night .
1	great food , fantastic atmosphere , cold beer , friendly crowd and staff .
1	the food here is super good .
1	i recommend the carne asada nachos .
1	great open patio makes you feel like you are on vacation in cabo .
1	hearing the name dos gringos just makes me want to day drink .
1	service has always been good and the servers have been friendly .
1	great bar , great food , unreal service.
1	great happy hour deals .
1	easily the best in the valley .
1	they have great service , and awesome food and drink prices .
1	you feel like you 've stepped into a different world .
1	probably one of my favorite places to go when i 'm in town visiting .
1	eclectic decor , good food , and reasonable drinks .
0	waitress came over right away and took our drink order .
0	food was decent and reasonably priced .
1	love this place !
1	i recommend the place .
1	i highly recommend this bar !
1	usually very friendly crowd .
1	doug the manager was so great to work with in planning my 30th birthday .
0	the staff and manager were both excellent , and the food was great .
1	thank you for a fantastic party !
1	definitely recommend !
1	dos gringos is my total go-to for happy hours and nights out .
1	mini chimis are absolutely delicious and frequent beer specials .
1	thank you , dos gringos !
1	this place is always good .
1	i 'd recommend their nachos too !
1	the tacos are cheap and amazing in flavor .
1	a great place to meet up with friends .
1	it 's always a pleasant experience .
1	i am a huge dos gringos fan and will always be .
1	deep fried tacos !
1	good job guys !
1	very cute store .
1	nice selection of children 's bedding .
1	sandwiches , salads and soups .
1	the owners are great , always with a smile and a friendly hello .
1	customer service is fast and very good at this location .
1	it 's good .
1	also this location is staffed with professionals who know what they are doing .
0	also for keeping me entertained while i walked around the shop .
1	customer service is outstanding and will help you with any questions you have .
1	one of the best jewelry stores i know .
1	staff are always friendly and helpful .
1	my recommendation is to go ... and keep going .
1	very clean .
1	i always feel like a movie star when i leave with gorgeous hair .
1	overall , the store is great , and i plan on returning .
1	happy shopping !
1	in my experience , staff has always been friendly and attentive .
1	this is the best place to eat breakfast in the valley hands down .
1	the waitstaff is knowledgeable and hip .
1	great food .
0	actually , she did n't get me one , she got me twenty .
1	the food here is wonderful .
1	i think quality food takes time and i appreciate that process .
1	free wifi makes it a great place to get things done too .
0	holy mother of god , they were a delight to the senses .
1	i 've had the omelettes there too -- absolutely wonderful .
1	the fifth star comes from their great selection of beers .
1	beer tastings , sake tastings , inventive sandwiches and breakfasts .
1	their strawberry pancakes are effing amazing !
1	imagine amazingly fluffy pancakes , with a little heat and aftertaste of the jalapenos .
1	i 've been eating here for years and i always look forward to it .
1	everything i 've tried is fantastic .
1	lunch and dinner meals are also fantastic .
1	the orange table is awesome !
1	it is always delicious .
1	it is usually not too crowded and i enjoy the atmosphere .
1	best cheeseburgers ever !
1	bold statement but true !
1	the food is very yummy .
1	love the rotating art in the space also .
1	they have a great selection of entrees , both lunch and breakfast .
1	great service and fresh food .
1	the food and atmosphere are superb .
1	their food is out of this world ; same goes for their wonderful coffee .
0	it was delicious !
1	nice patio to sit and eat breakfast .
1	will definitely be back !
0	olive bread was friggin ' amazing .
1	oh well ... welcome to scottsdale .
1	the food is delicious everytime and the service is great .
0	my cappuccino was so sip worthy ( see happy pic ) .
1	love their food , great for lunch and breakfast ... .
1	well i 'm glad that i had a heads up about the location .
1	the coffees are sooo good there too .
1	bonus that you can bring your dog !
1	great food , really great food !
1	this is a great relaxing spot to stop for breakfast .
1	wow , this place is incredible .
1	a little difficult to get to , but it 's worth it .
1	i highly recommend orange table !
1	fantastic food , and good service .
1	definitely not a place for a quick meal , but generally worth the wait .
1	want a good sandwich .
1	i 'm happy to wait a bit for delicious food .
1	great coffee .
0	best breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
0	best corned beef hash ever !
1	and damn pretty as well .
1	music inside was loud but patio is great .
1	have an oj it is fresh squeezed and delish !
1	small , cute spot , with outdoor seating .
1	excellent food and an interesting menu .
1	sat outside under the misters , very pleasant .
1	the new ownership is doing a great job !
1	you must try the wild berry pancakes .
1	will be back !
1	the food is delicious and fresh !
1	ok so this place definitely deserves _num_ stars .
1	the corn beef hash is also excellent , and probably my favorite here .
1	im in az all the time and now have my new spot .
1	i love this place ... food is amazing .
1	must absolutely try the coffee soda !
1	we will definitely come back .
1	cute little place in the mall .
1	it 's a good place for a mimosa and eggs .
0	excellent service and fantastic experience , highly recommended !
1	coffee amazing !
1	definitely a fan !
0	our food was wonderful .
1	great , fresh items .
0	highly recommended .
1	i can be breakfast happy in both places .
1	service is great , it was perfect for a mid week breakfast meeting .
1	it 's true !
0	our server was pleasant !
0	great breakfast place located in old town scottsdale .
1	as good as it gets !
1	well , surprise : `` jalapeno walnut pancakes '' wow !
1	fun atmosphere .
1	i dig the atmosphere , good music , cool staff .
1	great service and great food !
1	the monkey cakes are also some of the best pancakes i 've ever had .
1	great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting .
1	the food here is very good .
1	very friendly and fast .
1	delicious food .
1	orange table has one of the best breakfast we 've come across .
0	food took a little long but everything came out fantastic .
1	this place is a hidden gem .
1	from beginning to end was an absolute delight .
1	great breakfast choices , not to mention ; wonderfully delicious !
1	off to a good start !
1	great time today with friends for breakfast at the orange table .
1	i will definitely return and try other options on their menu .
1	this place just has a good comfy feel about it .
1	it 's delicious .
1	i really enjoy the flannel style of hash .
1	overall very good place !
1	i love breakfast and this place is a great choice !
1	what a great hidden gem in old town scottsdale !
1	everything was amazing and service was professional but easy going .
1	hands down the best pancakes in the valley !
1	monkey pancakes and yes the jalapeno pecan pancakes are both outstanding .
1	great sandwich , great atmosphere .
1	so good and great service staff and environment .
1	this is one of my favorite places , especially for breakfast .
1	food is terrific and so are the folks .
1	price is right .
1	tasty breakfast .
1	great coffee , nice staff .
1	orange table is one of the best spots for breakfast and lunch in scottsdale .
1	great bloody mary 's to start the meal , and nice wait staff .
1	usually great coffee , alway great bacon and pancakes !
1	will definitely come back if we 're in town again .
1	such a cute breakfast/lunch place !
1	as always , the food , coffee , and mimosas are fantastic !
1	excellent food !
1	friendly staff !
1	love it !
1	though busy in the late mornings on weekends , service is fast , friendly .
1	the food always rocks ... nothing i 've tried on the menu has disappointed .
1	nice big portion , not overly salty .
1	they also have great drinks .
1	the orange table is a great breakfast option in scottsdale .
1	the place is fun and casual and in a cute area .
0	the entire experience was perfect .
1	delish as always .
1	love it !
1	i love pancakes and they do to !
1	mexican latte is so tasty !
1	green flannel is really tasty but you must like spicy !
1	we love the food and the service is excellent !
1	love the coffee too .
1	great breakfast sandwich !
0	our server was great .
1	breakfast is always phenomenal .
1	service is always friendly and well paced .
0	i had an excellent experience .
1	will definitely return !
1	love it !
0	the french press coffee was so good .
1	the food is delicious .
1	i love the french toast .
1	there 's usually a wait but it 's always worth it .
0	my husband had the banana nut cakes and also loved them .
1	so is the hummus plate both very filling & yummy !
1	great atmosphere .
1	love eating outside .
0	when i got there the place was absolutely packed !
1	one of my favorite breakfast spots in arizona !
1	i love this place !
1	the menu is simple , and all your favorite dishes are there .
0	service was top notch !
1	theyre outstanding !
0	corned beef hash was fresh home made .
1	delicious !
0	i had the green flannel and it was so tasty .
1	we will be keeping the same menu and using all the same fresh ingredients .
1	best breakfast place in town !
1	its well worth the drive across the valley for us .
1	small decent patio on good for good weather months .
0	scott at tire pro 's took great care of me .
1	thanks !
1	these guys mike and scott are awesome .
1	thanks guys !
1	these guys are great !
1	thanks for making my day , scott !
1	cheap fun place with a great happy hour , and pbr special .
1	and , no joke , the food here is really good .
1	pretty sweet .
1	one of my favorite spots in the phoenix area .
1	and the pizza 's great .
1	thanks !
0	sara was pleasant , and informative .
1	really great experience despite the uncomfortable nature of the procedure .
0	she absolutely loved it .
1	also , the gift shop is a must see before a performance .
1	the theater is comfortable and has a good acoustic for sound .
1	indeed the restroom is fancy and very clean .
1	cool venue , plenty of seating , knowledgeable , friendly , helpful staff .
1	the scottsdale center for the performing arts is a gorgeous venue .
1	the lobby is contemporary with plenty of seating and a cute little gift shop .
1	what a cool concept !
1	the lighting , sound system and climate control are all impressive .
1	fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !
1	love this place .
1	great place to be at .
1	seats are comfortable , if not luxurious .
1	love the jeans ... i 'll be back !
1	good place to pick up a nice essential piece to build outfits around .
1	great everyday clothes !
1	score , bitches !
1	the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
1	fun night out of the ordinary for my boyfriend and i !
1	my boyfriend really enjoyed me watching and watching himself .
1	best strip club ever !
1	top notch , great ladies .
0	the place was clean , seats were comfortable , drinks were reasonably priced .
1	always a good time !
1	i went during the day and i must say it looks great inside .
1	other than that it as a good experience .
1	best deal to buy a bottle .
1	seriously , one of the best strip club experiences i have ever had !
1	everyone here is always so friendly .
1	other than that - awesome in every way .
1	great bands and great drinks !
0	the pour was strong and reasonably priced .
1	i like that !
1	great western bar in old town scottsdale .
1	kind of like heaven .
1	okay , it 's lunchtime , and you are shopping in downtown scottsdale .
1	fun fun fun .
1	great crowd and great service at the bar .
1	it 's an awesome saloon right in old town , do not miss it !
1	this place never changes , which is good .
1	i always have fun here whether alone or with a date .
0	this place was ever so fun .
1	i just love this place .
1	they always have live music , a good crowd and cheap drinks !
1	best country bar in scottsdale .
1	if you visit , have a drink , late night bar hop and enjoy .
1	pretty cute small little bar .
1	seriously fun !
0	the live music was awesome and everyone was having a good time .
0	some were hilarious .
1	awesome place !
1	it makes me feel like a real american .
1	the fries are delicious is well .
1	i recommend checking it out if you have n't been there .
1	great people watching !
1	what a treat on wednesday night to hear the singing bartender .
1	okay so im a tourist !
1	visiting from dallas for a meeting and this place was fun .
1	he rocks and you should n't be a cheap skate ... !
1	and fun people watching !
1	it really is a good time .
1	for a saloon it 's probably the very best in scottsdale !
1	seriously great place .
1	love this place any day of the week .
1	true old county .
0	had a great time here !
1	amazing little place , very friendly staff and great country music .
1	very cool country ball with a live band .
1	it has the great old school western feel that i love .
1	it 's a great little stop for a quick drink .
1	fun small historical find .
1	a true cowboy hangout with live country music .
1	always a great time !
1	this is a great little dive bar .
1	this hole in the wall is a sweaty gem !
1	there is always live music to enjoy .
1	steve plays on monday & tuesday afternoons and is always entertaining .
1	tim works behind the bar and is quick with your order .
1	great music , fun crowd , excellent nachos .
1	great spot after a spring training game !
1	always a good time !
1	a true cowboy bar in the heart of old town .
1	fun times for sure .
1	she is beautiful !
1	i love this place !
1	these folks know what they are doing .
0	the workmanship was fabulous and they really went above and beyond with the details .
1	oh well i 'll definitely be back and i 'll use it then !
0	i was impressed by the quality .
1	the food is good , the patio and new bar are are set-up well .
1	service is reasonable and the staff are very friendly .
1	good solid food at a fair price .
0	i got a great gyro and a drink for $ _num_ in oldtown .
1	their house dressing that they put on their salad is so delish !
1	this is amazing hummus and pita bread .
1	the greek salad dressing is authentic and delish .
1	the place has a nice atmosphere , inside and outside seating .
1	overall great experience .
1	service is friendly and quick .
1	this place rocks !
1	love it !
1	i have to admit that its the best place to hang out .
1	completely remodeled and classy looking .
1	they have great food !
1	great music !
1	oh my goodness !
1	but their hummus is fantastic !
1	food is delicious .
1	i recommend going there .
1	will be back !
1	t is the best server ever !
1	kona has great sushi , salads , and entrees .
1	the food is good .
0	some major deals to be had during happy hour .
0	and it was pretty good ... .
1	as for the sushi , it fairly top notch .
1	the patio is great to people watch .
1	love their scampi pizza .
1	happy hour is a great deal .
1	patio good for people watching .
1	perfect pairings menu is a great value !
1	very good quality !
1	great food and the happy hour is the best .
1	reasonable prices for happy hour .
1	very filling and worth it for only $ _num_ .
0	this time around everything was spot on .
1	way to stay in touch with your audience .
1	i give _num_ stars purely due to their amazing happy hour .
1	this is one of my favorite if not favorite happy hour spots .
1	thanks again kona for a delish way to end my thursday !
0	first time experience was great !
1	good food , good service .
0	had a really good time since it was happy hour .
1	good deals .
1	i love kona 's happy hour !
1	the wait staff is efficient and friendly .
1	the calamari appetizer and their angry edamame are pretty yummy !
0	the wait staff and dcor was also very pleasant .
1	would recommend this kona grill at the fashion square mall to everyone .
0	service was great also .
1	i would definitely recommend the chambord margarita .
1	i also enjoy their sushi and appetizers .
1	kona is a nice place to go for drinks and a meal .
1	probably the best i have ever tasted with an amazing dipping sauce .
1	other than that , the food is really good .
1	this place gets _num_ stars because it is good for after work happy hours .
1	will definitely come again .
1	kona grill is always very efficient and always gets our order right .
0	nothing to worry about here , everything i have had was fresh and tasty !
1	staff is always great and we always have a great time here .
1	it is delicious food for an amazing value .
1	we will definitely return !
1	the dining room downstairs is nice also .
1	the service has been great nearly every time i 've been .
1	service was great- attentive but not annoying .
1	the calamari was amazing .
1	the best !
0	service was great and then for finally , red velvet cupcake .
1	delicious .
1	i always get the sushi and a cocktail .
1	the service also extremely pleasant and professional .
1	staff is always rocking and fast .
1	happy hour is pretty bomb at this place .
0	we spent a hilarious evening with bruce s and barbara .
1	great food and do a mean miso soup if u go for the sushi !
1	the place looks awesome !
0	great service , waitress was on the ball with everything .
0	the small rings were very tasty .
1	will definitely be going back .
1	very delicious and a bit sweet !
1	still fresh and tasty though .
1	kona grill really surprised me with how great their happy hour is !
1	he 's amazing and such a nice guy .
1	i always feel like my shopping is a success after happy hour here .
0	perfect amount of food and the bill was more than reasonable .
0	enjoyed a beautiful birthday dinner tonight with an amazing server .
1	we love the atmosphere and the sushi .
1	great environment !
1	my girlfriend loves their raspberry lemonade drink .
1	excellent service .
0	excellent for what i wanted .
1	tasty sushi in a contemporary stylish atmosphere .
1	great job server , john , and mgr .
1	great decor !
0	i had a really good experience here .
0	our server had a great personality and always checked up on us .
1	they have really great happy hour drink and food specials .
1	great service .
1	my favorite restaurant .
1	i love the location .
1	patio is great for people watching especially when the weather is nice .
1	a++ service .
1	the food is also always delicious , especially the chicken club and sushi .
1	great happy hour !
1	you can tell how fresh the ingredients are .
1	very delicious food and drinks !
1	we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic .
1	do yourself a favor and try it !
1	the cocktail that i ordered is sweet , exactly as i want it .
1	highly recommended !
1	great service with a smile .
0	her ability to make me feel important was an awesome experience .
1	kona is great for happy hour !
0	i ordered their spicy tuna roll , calamari , margarita , and sake sangria .
1	i would definitely give this one a try !
1	i 've been to kona grill in va but i really liked this location .
1	i would go back in a heartbeat though because the food is delicious !
1	kona grill at fashion square is my favorite location .
1	ken is the best at working on trans and is honest as they come .
1	the staff here are always polite , helpful , and fun .
1	this is a place where you feel like your with family .
1	this is your place !
1	and bonus !
1	i love this place and i 'm a customer for life !
1	great jewelry and art to choose from !
1	oh and the the dressing rooms are so pretty !
1	so amazingly beautiful since it 's been redone !
1	they hold up great !
1	i always have a great and pleasant shopping experience here .
1	they have a great product .
1	i appreciate their help and will definitely go back .
1	i 'll return again soon .
1	excellent service .
1	she 's so helpful !
0	but i did find the perfect `` pretty white bra . ''
1	great experience !
1	standard scottsdale bar ... good times .
1	i love the ambiance , the crowd , and the music !
1	great hotel , very clean .
1	really nice inside ... not your typical courtyard .
1	the staff is always super nice .
1	bonus !
1	the pool area is pretty nice , however it 's small .
1	this is a wonderful hotel .
1	i 've stayed a few times and love the location .
1	the staff here is very friendly .
1	so helpful and friendly .
1	the rooms have recently been remodeled and are really nice .
0	we really enjoyed our stay and appreciated the extra amenities .
0	he was awesome , professional and very helpful .
1	is it the fanciest hotel i have ever stayed in ?
1	wifi is fast and reliable too .
0	a great example of starbucks done right !
1	the drinks are good , the baristas are friendly and do a nice job .
1	i love the staff .
1	the staff is nice and the drinks are consistent .
1	tucked away and somewhat hidden this starbucks has good service and friendly staff .
1	overall good place .
0	the staff was very nice .
1	i love starbucks !
1	the staff here is super friendly .
1	love the staff here .
1	all very friendly & helpful employees here .
1	it 's usually pretty quick & easy to get your order .
1	one of the best starbucks if not the best in scottsdale .
1	fast and efficient , even if there is a line .
1	fast and friendly service .
1	definitely the kind of place i enjoy supporting .
1	the owner gives a year warranty on the replacement .
1	i recommend highly !
1	i love this place !
1	pleasant shop .
1	lovely store , lovely people .
0	i found two !
1	this is a gem of a gallery if you are into native american pottery .
1	if you know native american art visit the gallery to increase your knowledge .
1	for those interested in visiting this part of town i highly recommend this hotel .
1	yeah , i 'd stay there again .
1	the hotel is clean and the pool area is nice .
1	the buffet in the morning is worth the price .
1	they are amazing and the service is impeccable .
1	thank you for making our trip an excellent one !
1	i could definitely see us staying here again in the future .
1	it was a great surprise after all that driving and definitely worth the trip .
1	staff always greets you warmly .
1	this hotel gets the job done .
1	it has a nice , quiet pool and a bar .
1	it was perfect for our needs and within walking distance of so many places .
1	old town scottsdale is a great town to walk around .
1	i love the free tea and coffee that they always have available downstairs .
1	comfy beds and decent toiletries .
1	over and above customer care .
1	thank you housekeeping and mike for taking care of your guests .
1	now for the good stuff : great location , able to walk to everything !
1	property is great .
1	super cute store !
1	they have a small selection of dog stuff as well .
1	love it !
1	very nice pieces , especially at _num_ % off .
1	i highly recommend a visit if you are in scottsdale .
1	what sets d 's apart is the family that owns it .
1	great selection of beer and reasonable wine selection - for a convenience store .
1	if you 're in the area , check it out !
1	best baklava in the state of az !
1	great place to grab things on the go .
1	the atmosphere is spectacular .
1	the food is great .
1	the veal shank is so awesome .
1	the owner is a doll and really makes you feel at home .
0	the hummus was delicious .
1	and of course , it 's in a great location .
1	very friendly .
1	the veal osso buco is outstanding - best i have tasted .
1	will definitely come back when we are in town .
0	i 've only been here for dessert and had great service !
1	tip : great photo ops for tourists !
1	classic italian restaurant !
1	is so cute : ) i will be back for amazing italian food !
1	second visit just as good as the first .
1	this is a great restaurant !
1	my filets are always to die for !
1	highly recommend this establishment if you are looking for excellent quality !
1	anytime we are in scottsdale , we will surely be back !
1	i will definitely be back when i 'm in town !
1	okay , on with how great this place is .
1	it 's great .
0	sea saw was an amazing restaurant .
1	they also have very friendly and knowledgeable staff .
1	if you need a great hat , definitely check this place out .
1	this place has got them - all kinds , all sizes !
1	and that is good because one or two sizes does not fit all .
1	the best patio in my opinion .
1	great for an evening out .
1	best house margarita in phoenix .
0	had a great meal here - tasty green enchiladas and loved their guac .
1	for having a big group they did a good job attending to us .
1	this restaurant is amazing .
0	i loved it .
1	the ambience is well worth it .
1	yum i love the food !
0	we split an appetizer , entree , and both had great margaritas !
0	then we headed inside for our main meal .
1	awesome place with a very cool ambiance .
0	i had the fish tacos , which were also fantastic .
0	it was a bit expensive , but it was worth it .
0	i really loved this place !
0	my friend and i both had margaritas and loved them as well !
1	overall , i had a nice time both experiences and would recommend to others .
1	this is my absolute favorite restaurant in arizona !
1	i always bring out of town guests here , for a special dinner !
1	best patio in old town and extensive tequila list .
1	love the patio , dining under the stars !
1	really good !
0	food was delicious and portion sizes were great !
0	the chocolate cake for dessert was impressive !
1	the staff is friendly , knowledgeable and give great service .
1	the margaritas are divine and the ambiance is spectacular .
1	good food , great margaritas , fun atmosphere .
1	the food is great and they have amazing margaritas .
1	the staff is always super friendly .
0	she loved all of the action .
0	the inside atmosphere had a `` quaint '' kind of feel .
1	but overall a great experience .
0	fantastic , the food was great salsa was good and spicy .
1	margs are small but tasty .
0	we loved it along with the guacamole dip .
1	omg loved every bit of being outside .
1	our meals have always been very good .
1	food is great , and patio is very nice .
0	delicious margaritas at the bar accompanied by hot , homemade tortillas .
1	you begin your meal with delicious homemade flavored tortillas .
1	the food is just as delicious as their tortillas .
1	the staff are very friendly .
1	wonderful environment .
1	very very pleasant and beautiful location .
0	my food was good , especially the rice .
1	great place to chill on the patio with friends !
1	good vibes all around here !
1	however , still very good !
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	pretty decent mexican food place !
1	pretty good service , nothing crazy good about the service or food .
1	love the food here !
1	we love this place !
1	while busy with a number of groups , the service was amazing .
1	great mexican food and fun atmosphere !
0	the location and indoor/outdoor seating arrangement was nice .
1	great variety of food to choose from .
1	i would highly recommend this restaurant .
1	they make different flavored fresh tortillas .
1	quality of food and atmosphere are enough to compensate .
1	sit outside if you can , it 's beautiful out .
0	the patio area was great place to enjoy the fine weather and food .
0	we all had different meals and all the food was excellent .
1	recommend reservations for the patio area .
0	glad we found it while on our vacation .
0	we had dinner here last evening with friends visiting from ohio .
1	the food and service was amazing .
1	he is the best .
1	located upstairs within the steven paul salon is a waxing genius !
1	i am so happy i go to this salon .
1	mary carmen german is the stylist to book with !
1	she 's awesome .
1	he 's got a huge heart and always makes me laugh hard .
1	they are amazing ( see my reviews on them ) !
1	ron is still the greatest .
1	i love this place !
1	come see for yourself ... and visit our website for more info !
1	she does an excellent job and is reasonably priced .
1	great place for waxing too !
1	she is friendly and easy to be around .
1	you will walk out loving the new you !
1	great salon with a nice little restaurant and shopping area .
1	ask for joanna to do your hair , she 's the best !
1	thanks , sal .
1	the salon is beautiful too and has a cute cafe and boutique .
1	steven paul salon in old town scottsdale is an unexpected great find !
1	the energy is great !
1	the staff was wonderful and i ca n't wait to go back .
0	i was able to get in right away with pam .
1	i got so many compliments all day yesterday and it still looks great today .
1	her cuts stay perfect from the salon to the next appointment .
1	highly experienced , consistent , and gracious , her southern charm is a winner .
1	love this salon !
1	she is amazing !
1	she 's originally from new york and is plenty experienced .
0	i had another fantastic experience at steven paul salon .
1	always a pleasant experience with no surprises or drama .
1	i absolutely love getting a pedicure from rhonda at steven paul salon .
1	the best salon in town !
1	not only is she talented and experienced , she is friendly and personable .
1	denise le here is absolutely amazing !
1	you will fall in love with your hair !
1	totally worth the money , and i 'll be going back asap .
1	she is as kind as she is professional ... you wo n't be disappointed !
1	she is really good at doing layers .
1	she is incredible .
1	and of course , amazing hair !
1	i fly in from denver to see emily lopez .
1	i am incredibly picky about my hair color and she nails it every time .
1	the most amazing warmth with the people and decor .
1	always look great when i leave and feel happy .
1	absolute sweetheart and so professional .
1	highly recommend her for any of your waxing needs .
1	the salon is very clean and trendy .
1	best salon , & full beauty studio !
1	the salon itself is pretty great too .
1	thank you so much heather !
1	it makes the time fly by .
1	i always walk out of the salon more confident with my beautiful hair .
1	as a bonus , the salon is delightful .
1	i highly recommend brittany and steven paul salon .
1	i 'm so thankful i found my new hair person .
1	i would give emily lopez my highest recommendation for all things hair !
0	i love steven paul !
1	her coloring and cutting is always exactly what i want .
1	emily is awesome !
1	finally , i 've found my new hair place !
1	i will definitely be back to steven paul to see brittany !
1	she is amazing and will do exactly what you want !
1	she takes her time and listens !
1	she always does an amazing job on my hair .
1	i recommend this practice anyone looking for a great pediatrician .
1	the waiting room is clean and comfortable .
1	this is a great local company !
1	thank you !
1	the location is nice and clean , i will definitely be back !
1	i got a great pedicure and will go back .
1	this is nice , clean shop .
1	this husband and wife team has created a nice , comfortable environment .
1	i highly recommend it !
1	six is a great alternative to the club scene .
0	but other than that it was great .
1	the sandwich artists here make a decent sandwich .
1	subway gets an extra star because i hate her so much .
1	friendly cashier and superb services !
1	highly recommend getting a sub here !
1	strange kinds of pizza that are pretty awesome and some good salads .
1	clearly a must-try .
1	in my opinion , superior to grimaldi 's , bianco 's , etc .
1	i have also had the margherita pizza which is very good too .
1	i would definitely recommend this place to you !
1	this quaint little place is a gem in old town scottsdale .
1	the oven brick pizzas are amazing and the wine selection is great .
1	i am continually entertained by the people that frequent this establishment .
1	the service is friendly and attentive .
1	amazing food !
1	our absolute favorite .
1	the staff has always been very good to us .
1	i really enjoy grazie .
1	my theory when it comes to pizza is simplicity and good ingredients .
1	well at least if you have good company ; ) .
1	just like before , everything was excellent and i would order it again .
1	one of the best pizzas i have ever eaten .
1	on weekend nights , ton of energy .
1	this place is just fantastic .
1	i think that they have the best pizza in town !
0	been here a half dozen times and it has been very good each time .
1	i would recommend ... ... hang on ... ... are you ready for this ?
1	this place is awesome .
1	very nice staff , great wine selection , and incredible food .
1	i think apart from bianco 's they are the best pizza in town !
1	i ate here awhile back , and it was a nice evening .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	what i love about grazie ... .
1	their small calzone is really gigantic !
1	perfect after noon lunch place !
1	like everyone says , this place is a hidden gem in oldtown !
1	all in all a good dining experience .
1	grazie is a very good place for pizza !
1	love love love grazie - very cool pizza and wine bar in old town .
1	the pizza is fresh and delicious .
1	so quaint and great food .
1	some seriously tasty pizza .
1	great atmosphere and superb outdoor dining .
1	it is somewhere i have highly recommended since and will certainly visit again .
1	it 's got a very intimate , cozy , date feel to it .
1	great spot !
1	great food and great wine !
1	off the beaten path but so worth it .
1	the sangria is phenomenal -- fruity and strong .
1	i love that place !
1	the outdoor fireplace and the lighting is great and makes the ambiance .
1	bonus , they have gluten free dough yay !
1	i have been there twice and will go back !
1	one of the best pizza places in town , if not the best .
1	i love this place .
1	great crust , everything is just yummy !
1	the owner is amazing , true italian and brought us an amazing nutella dessert !
0	their sangria was phenomenal and we loved the pizza !
1	nice patio for when the weather is cooler .
0	everything was fresh .
1	salad with the mix was amazing too .
1	if you love italian wine this is the place for you .
1	their pizzas are amazing and they have some different toppings .
1	they have great sangria and the best part if the dessert .
1	great pizza , great wine , great service !
1	they do have nice patio space .
1	1st time eating here and it was great !
1	will definitely revisit and highly recommend .
0	the pizzas were fantastic .
1	first love the location !
1	great pizza like you would find in tuscany !
1	amazing atmosphere and food .
1	we 're in for a wine tasting and it has been amazing .
0	we took our time , enjoyed the food and we never felt rushed .
1	i love everything about this place .
1	it is soooo good !
1	the price of the food and drinks is just right too .
1	you will love it .
1	definitely recommend .
1	so you enjoy authentic wood fired pizza and a small mom and pop shop ?
1	the best pizza on the planet .
1	the staff is friendly and helpful .
0	authentic italian food and imported wines .
1	grazie 's food is great !
1	grazie is honestly one of the best restaurants in the greater phoenix area .
1	very comfortable and nice atmosphere.
1	delicious food .
1	good service .
1	highly recommend grazie to anyone interested in an exceptional meal .
1	grazie is a special place to me .
1	the pizza is great .
1	the meat and cheese platters and bruschettas are very good .
1	it was excellent and you can buy it to take out for $ _num_ .
1	i love how small and intimate the establishment is .
1	waitress has always been super nice .
1	this is our favorite italian restaurant ever , hands down !
1	it 's light but filling .
1	it is simply the best pizza in town .
1	really good pizza !
1	one of my favorite restaurants in south scottsdale .
1	it 's a go-to date night choice for my fiance and i .
0	popped in for dinner and had a great experience !
1	great brick oven pizza .
1	awesome atmosphere .
1	i agree the best italian hands down .
1	great wine selection ... great staff .
1	best gluten free pizza crust i 've ever had .
1	ambience is lovely .
1	very romantic .
1	love this place !
1	incredible pizza !
1	this place is great .
1	oh , well .
1	excellent emergency room care !
0	the doctor was so nice and answered all my questions .
1	warm , friendly , and efficient .
1	i love this hospital and their staff !
1	if you have require hospital care this is the one to go to !
0	i was very pleased by everyone !
1	an er is rarely going to run super smooth but this one was great .
0	all the ladies were wonderful , beautiful outside and inside .
1	terrific care for my mother .
0	the pool was great as well .
1	a great place to stay if you are visiting scottsdale !
1	great staff .
0	clean rooms , ample parking , well appointed suite style rooms that felt spacious .
1	perfect stay for out of town business and meeting with clients .
1	really nice touch .
1	will continue to stay her for the value .
1	i love staying here when visiting our son at asu .
1	they have a happy hour which includes nachos !
1	friendly staff nice hospitality hour and pool area .
1	will definitely come back .
1	their complimentary happy hour is also a great touch .
1	clean , beautifully kept hotel in a fantastic old town location .
1	comfortable beds , delicious breakfast , and the friendliest service .
1	nice and quiet and very clean .
0	had a king suite with microwave and fridge .
1	pam , molly , and jeremy are especially outstanding !
1	good area , safe ... ca n't really ask for more !
1	awesome pool and great breakfast .
1	clean , friendly , and relaxing .
1	love !
1	love !
0	the food was delicious !
1	and that 's what surprises me .
1	other than that , i have found the food decent and serve time adequate .
1	excellent seafood , not greasy , & light coating if you are ordering fried .
1	it 's so refreshing !
1	i highly recommend living here and the renovations are amazing !
0	always great clothing and they had plenty in my size .
1	may be the best retail sales person i 've ever met .
1	my sisters and brother are big fans of this place .
1	this is a must for all local in the phoenix area .
1	this place is loads of fun .
1	my sister loves this place and i now understand why .
1	the place is unique and offers a good time of fun and games .
1	great !
1	good time , check it out .
1	a fun hole in the wall bar .
1	that 's per my friends that every vodka drink order try to win it .
1	this place is fun dive bar and it has a beer pong table .
1	i would recommend it .
1	ambiance is loud with a fun vibe .
1	that 's kind of the beauty of this place .
1	great fun , interesting crowd .
1	perfect place to end the night !
1	enough said , i think that sums it up !
1	great atmosphere , fun and different games .
1	if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
1	karaoke night is always amazing !
1	lots of fun games to play and have a good time .
1	beware of the shot wheel & the bar keep 's choice .
1	the happy hour food prices and drink prices are unbeatable .
1	my new spot !
1	this is a fun place to go .
1	i love the wheel and the little people there .
1	good place to get rowdy with a group !
1	will absolutely come back here the next time i 'm in az .
1	this bar is cool and hip .
1	funky and fresh to see something different .
1	huge drinks and cool people .
1	i really enjoy this bar .
1	thank you for keeping us happy .
1	i love this bar .
1	still one of the best bars in old town .
1	an old soul in the old town rotation .
1	always serving till 2am !
0	miller genuine draft on tap ; when was the last time you found that !
1	it 's definitely a place that you wo n't find anywhere else !
1	do yourself a favor and go check it out .
1	great place to start a night out in old town scottsdale .
1	i love winning their little games and getting coupons .
1	to me this beats your average dive bar .
1	it has so much character and the bartenders are always nice .
1	it is really clean store and well kept .
0	the store was well organized and clean .
1	the shelves are well stocked .
1	i always come here for help !
1	very easy to work with , and i will definitely use them again .
1	hats off to this guy because he truly made my day so much better !
0	i walked into my interview feeling confident and very clean .
1	i just love this place .
1	this is our local pharmacy of choice .
1	thank you !
0	all done !
1	always has what i need .
1	and this walgreens is so freaking clean and neat .
0	he showed up on time and his car was clean and comfortable .
1	this is a great company .
1	he is always on time , friendly and courteous .
1	dependable .
1	excellent and friendly service .
1	courteous , timely , nice vehicles , at a great price .
0	i got a ride from benny the other day .
1	benny , the owner , is excellent .
1	we seldom hear when someone is great !
1	always a nice experience .
1	they carry all varieties of alcohol and have all different kinds of delicious food .
0	the _num_ holes got a lot of excitement indeed !
1	the course is well kept and reasonably priced .
1	great deal on the back _num_ if you get there early in the morning .
1	continental is just enough of a challenge for me to be fun .
1	fun course overall !
1	great course to work on your short game !
1	love this course !
1	the course and clubhouse has improved immensely over the years !
1	new manager is kicking a !
1	great prices , great values and fun times !
1	well this course is an executive first off !
1	thanks for being so trustworthy !
1	great work at a reasonable price .
1	excellent service as usual .
0	the three staff members that i had contact with were very friendly and helpful .
0	the room i visited was very comfortable and clean .
1	the gardens is excellent in all regards .
1	cleanliness is a high priority here .
1	each and every staff member truly cares about the patients well being .
1	love this place !
1	awesome .
1	they have the most amazing dates that i have ever had .
1	and a great place to pick up holiday or a delicious house warning gift .
1	very friendly and knowledgeable staff .
1	not tons more , but what they have is really tasty .
1	i am so glad yelp introduced me to this local gem !
1	the staff is always friendly .
1	if you love dates , you have to try the date shake !
1	seriously so delicious !
1	super cute !
1	nice clean store , good tea !
1	the pricing is reasonable and the maintenance staff is great .
1	i recommend them highly .
1	now the old _num_ string plays nicely , and sounds beautiful .
1	cool '' ) .
1	thank you john and thomas for doing what you do .
1	masters of their craft !
1	live and love local !
1	beyond customer service , the products here are phenomenal .
1	thank you paper place !
1	just follow her advice and you will love your hair .
1	her prices are reasonable and she 's a fun person to know .
1	the salon is small , personable and has a great location .
1	two thumbs up !
1	these guys are amazing !
1	i definitely recommend these guys !
1	i love going to this place and have for years .
1	they are always friendly and take great care of my wife and i .
1	amazing !
1	great customer service team there !
1	he 's honest and so very kind and his staff is the best !
1	realistic & fair pricing .
1	love them !
1	their bulk food section particularly is impressive ... and the prices are fabulous !
1	sunflower market is the best ... love the local food and friendly staff .
1	i love this place !
1	they have great sales on super fabulous awesome steaks !
1	the help is really helpful and friendly .
1	all in all it 's a great experience !
1	produce is very reasonably priced and great selection of organic produce .
1	makes me a happy girl !
1	sunflower has the best selections of fruits and veggies in town !
1	find some good beer for after zipps ... .
0	bought it and some gum and hit the door .
1	their frozen section is full of organic and all natural selections .
1	a great place to to just wander after the gym .
1	side note : they have a generous gluten-free selection .
1	the pool is fantastic .
1	very classy place .
0	we had a great suite and really enjoyed the pools and the tennis courts .
1	the grounds are gorgeous and the place really is worth it .
1	great scottsdale haven .
1	one of the premier hotels around the valley .
1	excellent all around !
1	i highly recommend !
1	very nice resort near camelback mountain .
1	the pools are heated and huge , and the hotel restaurant has solid food .
1	there is decent hiking just a block or so away - up camelback mountain .
1	absolutely devine resort .
1	the staff is good and consistent .
1	the gym here is great !
1	the service is outstanding and the food simply fantastic .
1	this is a beautiful golf course .
1	awesome resort .
1	looking for an elegant way to spend a delightful afternoon ?
1	this place is amazing !
1	this place is huge and clean .
1	the chairs are so comfortable and the china so fine .
1	you can eat as many as you want !
0	we left full and pleased !
1	beautiful weather .
1	very friendly staff .
1	breakfast overlooking the swimming pools makes for a great way to start any day .
1	the staff is professional , attentive & helpful .
1	we hung around the pool all afternoon , then enjoyed treatments .
0	my mom enjoyed her massage also .
1	grounds are beautiful .
1	the golf course is really nice .
1	the staff is excellent and the rooms were really nice .
1	the property is gorgeous and the accommodations are everything you could hope for .
1	the golf course is beautiful and near the base of camelback mountain .
1	what a wonderful place to stay !
1	the service is first-rate , and the beds are fantastic .
1	the property is fabulous !
1	he is an amazing massage therapist , you wo n't be disappointed .
1	and very nice staff .
1	this place is unreal !
0	i also had spa service that was so relaxing and nice .
1	very gracious and accommodating staff .
1	what an amazing place to stay .
1	service and grounds are impeccable .
1	event catering is excellent .
1	very clean .
1	rooms are clean and neat , and the view from the lobby is wonderful !
1	the sandwiches are to delicious !
1	we will definitely go back to this resort some day .
0	had a wonderful dinner at j & g .
1	great food , friendly service would return !
1	a good resort for a quick staycation or getting away !
1	amazing !
1	they treat you like royalty here .
1	we love the phoenician !
1	this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service .
1	love this place !
1	bell ( kyle rocks ! )
0	the food was delicious and the view of the pool area was really nice .
1	would love to do this again !
0	i went there at christmas time and it was wonderful .
1	amazing amazing amazing !
1	the phoenician is a great place to stay .
1	amazing !
1	awesome golf course and grounds .
1	free bike rentals , etc .
1	above and beyond !
0	the pool was amazing , and the service was great .
1	not a perfect experience but super close .
1	the phoenician is a great resort .
1	the grounds are immaculate and the staff is excellent .
1	staff is very friendly and helpful .
1	super nice resort .
1	this place is definitely better !
1	great pools , great staff , great restaurants , beautiful grounds .
1	rooms are very nicely decorated and the grounds are well-maintained .
1	excellent service .
1	i 'd definitely recommend this hotel to others !
1	the cleanest and most well ran resort in phoenix .
0	i absolutely loved the canyon suite we stayed in .
1	great resort , the grounds are perfect , the staff was awesome .
1	this place is perfect .
1	afternoon high tea is wonderful !
1	this place has a very retro , first class feel .
1	otherwise , this is a special place .
1	love love love love this place !
1	wow !
1	would recommend everyone to stay here .
1	i also like that they have a water slide there .
1	very clean rooms and fitness center .
1	service , value , pace of play are _num_ star !
0	the food was good and the staff was without exception excellent .
1	the views , the service , the food and the location .
1	love tea time here !
1	beautiful .
1	the steakhouse onsite has a great bar , oysters and solid cocktails .
1	it 's a very special place for my family .
1	it is all delicious .
1	treat yourself and go get tea .
1	everything is grand .
1	highly recommend .
1	absolutely the best high tea i have had .
1	terrific facility and staff .
1	the restaurants and golf course are excellent too .
1	incredibly friendly staff .
1	this is one of my favorite hotels !
1	a lot of celebrities favor it .
1	it has a fab golf course and has a beautiful pool .
1	the location , views , and grounds are all unbeatable .
1	it is very expensive , very high quality and very traditional .
1	nice artwork .
0	had a wonderful experience with our purchase at this store .
1	no pressure , wonderful quality furniture lines .
1	they carry very special furniture lines and have something for everyone .
1	in the meantime , it 's always worth a trip to one posh place .
1	i would recommend both young and old visiting this post .
1	visit scottsdale every year , and have made this our home away from home .
1	new friends are just around the corner ... god bless the usa !
1	my husband and i are the biggest wing fans you 'll meet .
1	great food , fast service .
1	a portion of their delicious wings and a side of spicy french fries .
1	they offer fast take out and great prices .
1	best wings in metro phx area .
1	and it comes with fries !
1	the cheeseburgers are very simple yet so tasty .
1	love it !
0	i just recommended this one to my friends .
1	always helpful staff !
1	i love this place .
1	the best selection in the valley with the most knowledgeable staff .
0	was a nice , well laid out store for its size .
1	i love sephora .
1	i mean not really , but in theory it seems fun .
1	loads of people wanting to help you as well .
1	i absolutely love love love sephora !
1	oh , and go to their website and you can see individual product reviews !
1	anyways , love this sephora !
1	will recommend this location over any one in the east valley .
0	it was so great !
1	i recommend getting all your beauty needs at sephora !
1	super nice girl .
1	the employees are always very helpful and nice .
1	it 's clean , organized , has great customer service !
1	she is amazing !
1	hope to see you in sephora as a permanent beauty make up artist .
1	you have a god hands keeping it simple thank you .
0	the two ladies that helped me were so incredibly sweet .
1	the most amazingly friendly and caring service !
1	wonderful place !
1	i trust their opinions , prices , and work without any reservations .
1	thanks !
1	hands down , the best place .
1	thanks ron !
1	i love these guys !
1	the whole family takes our vehicles to them when we need maintenance .
1	ron is always honest about what my vehicle needs .
1	very dependable work .
1	great fast , friendly , honest , very respectable , and affordable service .
1	i am so happy i found ron !
1	what a great store !
1	terrific experience and it 's the best location in old town scottsdale .
1	best location on 3rd street and walking distance to everything .
1	after all , i do love the rewards !
1	as far as hotels go i would rate it as very good to excellent .
1	the suite style rooms are well maintained .
1	they are spacious with modest decor .
1	the king size bed is very comfortable .
1	we are kind of a regular there and the staff is vet nice .
1	i 'll definitely stay here again next time i am in scottsdale .
1	the staff is expertly trained to be courteous , professional and efficient .
1	the breakfast is superb .
1	that 's a nice touch .
1	very nice marriott property .
1	excellent service from the staff .
1	excellent breakfast options on the menu with good coffee .
1	very clean and spacious rooms since it 's an all suite hotel .
0	plus the room was very clean .
1	nice large bathroom with tub and separate shower .
1	plus outdoor seating during the right time of year .
1	great location within walking distance to many restaurants .
1	highly recommend !
1	highly recommend !
1	nice to have couch sitting area when in the room .
1	overall a nice hotel with a great location and very responsive staff .
1	quick , courteous and tasty , this jack in the crack delivers every time .
1	fantastic !
1	it 's refreshing , however , to see more whimsical work on display .
1	check it out !
1	a bit of touristy southwest heaven in old town scottsdale .
1	good fun for tourists and locals alike .
1	this place rocks .
1	clothing , shoes , gifts , jewelry , food items etc ... .
1	just amazing .
1	best place in old town scottsdale for souvenirs and southwestern gifts .
1	great variety of merchandise .
1	one of old town 's best .
1	they are friendly , very well organized ( great follow-up and reminder calls !
1	our family sees him on a regular basis and we have great dental care .
1	it 's a very happy office .
1	i will definitely recommend him .
1	i highly recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale !
1	make an appointment today !
1	wonderful way to start the new year !
1	i love this place !
1	i recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone needing to see a dentist !
1	they are great and really know what they are doing .
1	great office .
1	everyone is so friendly and attentive .
1	i would recommend this office to everyone .
0	i was so scared and they made me feel very at ease .
1	i would highly recommend them to anyone in the area looking for a dentist .
1	i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
1	the staff and doctor are amazing .
1	she 's so caring and sweet .
1	this salon is so personal i love it .
1	to someone who wants quality service and also a personal experience .
1	jennifer , the owner and lead nail tech , is top notch .
1	it 's a warm and inviting place that treats you like family .
1	give this place a chance .
1	i had a good experience working with katie .
1	i would definitely recommend this storage facility .
1	very professional !
1	excellent location next to many fun spots and restaurants .
1	i will definitely go again .
1	love this place !
1	it 's nice and small , so there is a lot of interaction .
1	definitely make sure you get there on time .
1	overall its a great place to go on a weekend .
1	great spot if you like comedy acts .
1	the service is amazing !
1	great place to have an awesome time !
1	servers are attentive and friendly unlike many other comedy clubs i 've been to .
1	definitely a fun evening .
1	the staff are nice and the place is near a lot of shops .
0	i was really pleasantly surprised by this venue , and the comedians who performed .
1	the regulars that perform are great too .
1	all in all a great place .
1	great spot !
1	my first experience of a comedy show and this location .
1	nice seating .
1	the staff is very courteous and the place is well kept and clean .
1	but bottled water does count so that 's good too .
1	private , clean , granite counters ... .
1	great times !
1	very thorough , never a wait , and you can tell they love dogs !
1	the museum has interesting information and artifacts from scottsdale 's early years .
1	very sweet and knowledgable staff eager to share a story or experience .
1	cute little free museum in the heart of scottsdale !
1	the staff are super friendly and knowledgeable !
1	i could spend a whole day chatting with them !
0	did not go inside , but this looks great ( we parked outside ) .
1	interesting little museum .
1	great bands when they bring them in and interesting events , too .
1	i always enjoy going to shows here .
0	the bartenders were cute .
1	we will definitely have another event here again !
1	good times !
0	i really liked this place .
1	i love how the inside is decorated .
1	we love both rings the same ... .
1	wow , wow , wow , wow , wow .
1	what a great find !
1	be sure to take a map and water and a flare gun .
0	they were very friendly and informative .
1	_num_ stars , all the way !
1	true craftsmanship at its best !
1	he 's a hero to me and i ca n't thank him enough !
1	i love kelly 's designs .
1	and he is very affordable !
1	fast , inexpensive quality work .
1	the style matches the high-end style of the dress and looks absolutely perfect .
1	he also specializes in leather and can do excellent repairs in all fabrics .
1	what a pleasure to deal with these fine people .
1	wonderful work and a very fair price too .
1	great !
0	very professional service and i was pleased with the alteration .
1	a class act !
1	if you need a good tailor , go this this shop !
0	the doctor listened and understood my needs and provided me with excellent care .
1	great visit , easy diagnosis and treatment .
1	oldtown scottsdale has a lot to offer as well .
1	i love this place .
1	trinkets galore .
1	great selection .
1	very helpful staff .
1	the crowd is hit and miss .
1	some nights it is totally mellow and other nights it is packed .
1	but it is always interesting .
1	their eclectic menu is fun to browse .
1	everyone is pretty friendly and approachable .
1	it 's just a great place for happy hour or romantic dinner for two .
0	apps on menu were delicious .
1	service great .
1	great spot .
1	very tasty .
1	the decor and ambiance are really what make the place .
1	but who knows , maybe that 's you .
1	best thing to do with your peeps !
1	the food is bursting with flavor and always great with presentation .
1	great chicken better than lolo 's .
0	stopped on my way to work and it was pretty tasty .
1	laura is amazing .
0	the customer service i got from there was great .
1	this place is great !
1	scott is very knowledgeable and they offer an excellent selection cigars .
1	what a great experience !
1	great customer service and wide variety of cigars .
1	she knows her stuff and is very attentive and has great attention to detail .
1	their selection is top notch .
1	fast , with a smile and the best pricing you can find on diamonds .
1	great event and lots of fun .
1	hello people , it is a charity event .
0	the food was good .
1	fast and professional service !
1	great service , professional service people , , will be a customer for life .
1	very excellent experience and we do n't hesitate to recommend them .
1	scottsdale air has impressed us the most .
0	they were all friendly , considerate of our home , and thoroughly professional .
1	mike cross is dedicated to his clients !
0	scottsdale air saved the day !
1	fantastic everything .
1	we are very impressed with scottsdale air heating and cooling .
1	fantastic place !
1	good , honest work at a fair price .
1	this level of service is seldom found in this day and age .
1	phenomenal !
1	i feel _num_ percent comfortable with these guys .
1	very good experience all around .
1	it 's a thing of beauty .
1	thanks for all you do for my `` kids '' .
1	i love this animal hospital .
1	you can tell she feels like a million bucks !
0	highly recommended .
1	thank you !
1	they always remember you dog even after a year .
1	and great personnel .
0	she was very nice and friendly too .
1	great deal !
1	very nice clinic and staff .
1	the staff is always helpful , compassionate , and friendly .
1	i highly recommend scottsdale vet !
0	i felt very safe .
1	highly reccomend this office !
1	your dog will thank you !
1	love everything about scottsdale vet !
1	thank you for the fantastic service and care !
1	_num_ stars for the best clinic in arizona !
1	the customer service was amazing and they were so comforting .
1	they really care here .
1	beautiful facility , and the friendliest staff you will ever meet !
1	i would highly recommend this vet to anyone !
1	we will definitely be coming back for our puppy 's care .
1	we love this clinic !
1	everyone on the staff is extremely friendly , knowledgeable and compassionate .
1	thank you , thank you , thank you !
1	i have been with this group they are the best .
0	was very happy with the vets approach and the clinic .
1	definitely recommend them !
0	he had been here many times and was actually super comfortable .
1	i highly recommend this place to every pet owner .
0	had a great conversation with the owner about her shop and az history .
1	highly recommend !
1	very professional and very eager to please .
1	very friendly atmosphere and the staff are courteous and helpful .
1	great pharmacy !
0	then our meeting with the director who was a lovely young lady michelle .
1	that is service !
0	i 'm extremely satisfied with the service we ended up receiving .
1	we will definitely use them again and highly recommend them !
1	i will definitely use them again in the future .
1	great job each time .
1	thanks for your concern & help !
0	clean , folded and waiting for me when they said they would be .
1	it 's always very clean too .
1	i really appreciate a great small business that is able to get things done !
1	they will deliver your clothes to your home which makes it very convenient .
1	best hang out ever !
1	quick and easy !
1	very reliable pick-up and delivery for the linen and towel service .
1	thanks for saving when we need you the most !
1	we will most definitely be using them again .
1	whenever attendants are here they are super nice and helpful .
1	they are always doing a good job .
1	what a gem !
1	it 's a great place for some dessert or for a whole meal .
1	how awesome !
0	i loved the old school ice cream parlor look .
1	the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun .
1	this place has become a family tradition with my wife and i .
1	nice little shop to stop and and have a bit of ice cream .
1	great place to bring family and friends when they are in town .
1	for a great dessert place i highly recommend the sugar bowl .
0	sweet , sugary and drenched in hot fudge and other toppings .
1	an old-fashioned ice cream place in the heart of old town scottsdale ?
1	perhaps not right out of the oven , but still good .
1	the staff is friendly , too .
1	pretty good .
0	i liked it .
1	good ice cream but great environment !
1	this is a great place to hang out !
1	we always bring our out of town friends to check this place out .
1	service is usually pretty good , but either way their sundaes are delicious .
1	i recommend the dusty road sundae .
1	what a cute little place !
1	such a perfect place for little girls birthday party or date night .
0	we ordered the banana split and it was great for sharing .
1	pretty good place for ice cream .
1	good times !
1	the sundaes are always made up to perfection .
1	they have many unique flavors and i have enjoyed each one .
1	great butter pecan ice cream !
1	quality is huge and fun atmosphere .
1	great fun for all !
1	definitely will go again when in town .
0	service was fast and friendly and the prices reasonable .
0	thanks sugar bowl !
1	the food is good , but not great .
1	but , sugar bowl is worth it !
1	amazing !
1	i will be back with the kids and would recommend to others !
1	anything you want ice cream wise , they will deliver !
1	nothing has changed in decades and i love it that way .
0	the ice cream treats were good .
1	this place is adorable !
1	awesome desserts !
1	life 's short , eat dessert first !
1	the sugar bowl is a scottsdale institution .
1	love this place !
1	i will be back !
1	the vintage decor is really fun and interesting to view while you wait also .
1	wonderful ice cream , good amount for the price .
1	yummmm my favorite .
1	fun place to get some ice cream .
1	this place is such a scottsdale institution !
1	this is my favorite ice cream place in the country .
1	i loved it as a kid and i love it now !
1	i recomend the strawberry ice cream shakes !
1	this place is me and my girlfriends go to spot for sundaes of sunday !
1	it has amazing atmosphere , good food and relatively cheap .
1	i will return as often as i can .
1	the staff is always friendly and fast .
1	it has a variety of ice cream flavors .
1	i highly recommend ordering that on a hot day .
1	adults feel like kids and kids feel like they stepped into a magical world .
1	they are very generous with their scoops and have friendly service !
1	that is really what this place is for ... something different for the kids .
1	it 's pretty great .
0	we ordered ice cream , milk shakes , and an amazing sundae .
0	the pink decor was fun and carried through to the napkins .
0	service was good and a cool little place to satisfy any sweet tooth .
1	the quality of ice cream and toppings you get are great .
1	a great place to bring a date .
1	really friendly service also .
1	they have the best grilled cheese in the world .
1	the ice cream and service are both good too .
1	will definitely be back !
0	we had _num_ different ice cream treats and everyone was happy .
1	the ice cream here is fairly priced and extremely tasty .
1	the fudge covered icecream donut is my new favorite desert .
1	fast , friendly service of ice cream .
1	genuinely old school and definitely worth visiting .
1	two thumbs up !
1	perfect place to enjoy some tasty ice cream on a hot day .
0	very clean and staff continued to clean when we were there .
1	the coffee milkshake is a classic .
1	love this old fashion ice cream parlor .
1	i 'll definitely be back during my next visit to scottsdale !
1	oh my , how could you top the ice cream at this place .
1	this place is amazing .
1	old fashioned ice cream parlor and the ice cream is super good .
1	quality ice cream in a very cute shop !
0	i have only had the ice cream , but it was sooooo good !
1	great historic place that looks like it has never changed since it opened .
1	in a good way .
1	definitely go for the ice cream .
1	the food is okay , but the ice cream sundaes were delicious !
1	excellent service and so many classic sundaes to choose from .
1	a must while in old town scottsdale !
1	that is some good ice cream .
1	bigger bowls please .
1	give it a try !
1	so delicious !
1	the ambience is wonderful and we would totally visit it again .
0	loved the peanut butter and chocolate ice cream with hot fudge .
1	this place is a must go !
1	i love the charming interior !
1	we 'll definitely be back the next time we 're in town !
1	got ta take your family here and enjoy while you can .
0	i 've had their cheese burger too and it was pretty good .
1	i love the atmosphere & especially their delicious ice cream .
1	what an adorable place .
1	i ca n't deny , i kind of love the classic ice cream parlor .
1	the ambience is awesome .
1	a variety of of sundaes to choose from .
1	i highly recommend this ice cream place to anyone with a sweet tooth !
1	what an adorable spot !
1	it 's an old fashioned ice cream place and the ice cream was delicious .
1	cute decor .
1	service is great .
1	friendly service .
1	delicious ice cream , great prices , and fantastic service .
1	great place for kids .
1	this place is quick , cute , and simply delicious .
1	keep up the good stuff .
1	delicious , good service , even when busy !
1	ice cream here is light tasting , but the toppings make it delicious !
1	dental hygienist laurie is absolutely the best !
1	she is gentle , meticulous and funny !
1	i have always received great service and care .
1	very pleasant experience .
1	decent prices !
0	i yelped tobacco shop and boy was i in for a treat .
1	thanks mike !
1	great place .
1	they have good package deals if you want more .
1	his prices are good compared to the other places .
1	thanks !
1	friendly staff .
1	excellent customer service .
1	it 's very welcoming and makes you feel right at home .
1	she does the best work and is so pleasant and nice .
1	i would recommend joanna for any job .
1	fantastic work .
1	she is seriously the best !
1	i wish buying something was always this pleasant .
1	love it .
1	i 'm in love with red !
1	love my lv !
1	once you buy one , you 're hooked for life .
1	my absolute favorite store on the planet !
1	thanks for feeding my love of purses louis !
1	i love shopping at this store !
1	i had a wonderful experience this evening purchasing my new purse and wallet .
1	to help and always remember you !
1	i love this location !
1	it 's actually bigger than the san diego store .
1	definitely worth checking out their awesome selection of books !
1	love the instructors !
1	the salsa is yummy , and they have great chips .
1	it is the best mexican food i have had soo far .
1	margaritas are good .
1	beautiful building , wonderful food .
1	good eats , enjoy !
1	oh mary lou how i love you !
1	my favorite mexican food restaurant .
1	very yummy !
1	nothing like great tortillas to make everything taste good .
1	authentic and old school .
0	but the food and service was excellent .
1	delicious !
1	my boyfriend and i love this restaurant .
1	great for large parties , and they cater .
0	i had a beef tamale - one of the best i 've had .
1	i love los olivos !
1	it 's an awesome , family run business in a cool old building .
1	the food is delicious !
1	the bar makes a great margarita too .
0	our service was very good , and the food was very tasty .
1	this is it !
0	family owned and operated , and truly a hometown eatery .
1	both are delicious !
1	the chips and salsa are delicious - the salsa is very fresh .
0	someone else ordered the machaca and seemed to enjoy it .
1	despite the decor , the food was amazing .
1	their double cadillac margaritas are amazing !
1	the chips and salsa are delicious and they keep them coming .
1	food is great here .
1	service could be better but what restaurants service is good ?
1	very good salsa .
1	yum , every time .
1	probably the best mexican food we 've ever eaten .
0	two of us had margaritas and they were very good too !
1	the place is cute inside and the staff was great .
1	make sure to ask for it regular and they 'll make it for you .
1	delicious food !
0	took my mom here for mother 's day and we loved it !
1	will definitly come back .
1	their tamales and tacos are great too !
1	exceptional margaritas !
1	great place to pop in after art walk .
1	servings are generous and the atmosphere is good .
1	a nice place for traditional mexican in old town .
1	remember mexican food is heavy , so go with a good appetite .
1	the salsa is amazing !
0	the service was great and the food was pretty good .
1	this family has been in the neighborhood since the early _num_ 's .
1	the food is authentic and tastes as good as it reads on the menu .
1	i really come here for the great location and unique building .
1	no matter what you get it 's great !
1	service is great as well .
1	all the food is tasty so try something new to you .
1	they have good margaritas and the food is greasy and good !
1	this restaurant holds special meaning to my husband and i .
1	margaritas absolutely kick @ $ $ .
1	it 's true mexican classic home style food .
1	prices are great .
1	love it all .
1	the food is great , it 's family owned and it 's reasonably priced .
1	always really packed during giants games ( spring training ) .
1	will return , great mixed drinks as well .
1	wonderful service .
1	this is my favorite mexican restaurant in the world .
1	they also use the best cheese and the cheese crisps are a must .
1	amazing food !
1	the burritos and nachos are fantastic .
1	the chips and salsa are also a huge plus !
1	great variety and authentic recipes .
1	chips and salsa , fast delicious and bottomless .
1	see you next week !
0	told to go here and loved it .
0	service , food and drinks were all fantastic .
1	the atmosphere is amazing , the food very good , and the service excellent .
1	you will feel welcome and you will leave satisfied .
1	los olivos has a special place in my heart .
1	the tamales are quite good and the enchiladas are tasty .
1	certainly a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
1	i 've always loved this place and the chips and salsa are awesome !
1	the food is amazing .
1	the green chili quesadilla is amazing !
1	service fantastic and the atmosphere is so authentic and southwestern .
1	i would recommend !
1	authentic , family friendly !
1	amazing food .
0	loved the guacamole , salsa and my margarita .
1	i heart starbucks .
1	_num_ they have a giant parking lot and a drive thru .
1	clean , standard friendly staff , good drinks .
1	my drinks have consistently been made correctly and they have great customer service .
1	this starbucks is by far the best .
1	the baristas are always extremely pleasant and accommodating .
1	i will continue to come to this location .
1	loves it !
1	they make great martinis too !
1	simply perfect .
1	this place is so comfortable ... it 's dark and full of comfy couches .
1	the food is fantastic .
1	most of the time , it 's one of the best places to go .
0	we just had a nice chill time in this totally laid back spot .
1	the place has a great feel and ambiance to it .
1	the crowd is well mixed , slightly older and more sophisticated .
1	a great place to meet up with friends and chill .
1	the staff are very attentive and do very well considering the vast wine list .
1	i think my favorite part about this place is the hidden entrance .
1	a nice change from the other bars in old town .
1	cool place once you find it .
1	nice and dark .
1	the enviroment is so beautiful .
1	and here is the best part ... the service is awesome !
0	definitely a laid back place in old town .
1	however some pretty ladies helped me find it and i enjoyed some great wine .
1	the selection of people is always interesting .
1	it typically gets going later .
0	my first experience with kazimierz was pretty good .
1	the ambiance here is so nice .
1	just enough people but small intimate atmosphere .
1	the staff is very helpful and friendly .
1	the ambiance is perfect for a nice quiet date .
0	the wine was excellent .
1	love it !
1	their wine flights are magnificent and so is their antipasto dish - bang !
1	the staff is knowledgeable about their wines , and should be so .
1	very cool place .
1	excellent wine list , great friendly service and a smart , friendly crowd .
1	the truth is inside .
1	if you love wine , you 'll love this place .
1	the entire atmosphere and decor is amazing !
1	i would definitely recommend it !
1	it is seriously my favorite wine bar in the us .
1	the wine selection is grand and the servers are knowledgeable and helpful .
1	kazimierz has a huge selection of wines .
1	i really do love this place .
1	you can really see how this place is ran by pro 's .
1	such a great place !
1	i recommend trying the different wine flights ... found many new favorites that way !
1	very nice place in old scottsdale .
1	the wine list is as good as advertised , and the food is also .
1	the bartenders never let your drink get empty , and the food is great .
1	love this place ... very intimate atmosphere .
0	service was outstanding .
1	really , kazimierz has it all .
1	one of my favorite spots in scottsdale .
1	kazimierz is a hidden gem in old town .
1	really nice atmosphere ... not easy to find .
1	just a wonderful bar !
1	nice on the wallet .
1	one of the most extensive wine lists i 've ever seen !
0	we definitely added more on top of the gratuity .
0	i was really impressed by what a cool place it turned out to be .
1	this is truly a one of a kind spot in scottsdale .
0	highly recommended .
0	i loved the mixed crowd and decor too .
1	love love love this place .
1	they usually have a live band and great ambiance .
1	the best dessert i 've ever had .
1	thats a solid cellar .
1	excellent bartenders , service , and live dj .
1	went last night with a friend and we will be back .
1	the wine list continues to amaze me every time i go in .
0	our waitress was very charming , knowledgeable and helpful .
1	love this place !
1	its a little hard to find but so worth it .
1	the food is good !
1	i love kazimierz !
1	amazing selection of drinks other then wine also .
1	this place is a little gem !
0	our server was very attentive and friendly .
1	the wine menu here is very good !
1	this is really a hidden gem in old town scottsdale .
0	the band was great and encouraged everyone to dance and have a good time !
1	this is definitly a bar that one should take a date .
1	what fun .
1	love this wine bar !
1	great music and wine selection !
1	great atmosphere with lives bands after 8pm .
1	my to-go place for specialty martinis and a wonderful wine list .
0	my wife said the tamales were the best she has ever had .
1	check it out !
1	a different atmosphere , love the decor .
1	its a little isolated so it never feels too busy but it gets packed !
1	this is my absolute favorite place to go for a nice dinner .
1	fun place to go .
0	it was a nice date night .
1	definitely a lounge more than anything .
1	food is good , its more about the ambiance of this place .
0	the food was also excellent .
1	it 's classy and chill for an old town spot .
1	this place is awesome !
1	what more can you want from a place .
0	drinks were great .
1	love this place !
1	he appreciated it as much as i do .
1	the atmosphere is awesome .
1	the wine list is extensive and the food looked good !
1	we will definitely be back .
1	i love the live music !
1	good ambience .
1	love love love .
1	this place is amazing !
1	great live music and great food .
1	kazimierz is one of the best places i 've been while traveling .
1	this is definitely the place to be in scottsdale .
1	sunday 's are a fun night to pop in .
1	this place is so charming and unlike any other .
1	so pleasant , helpful and knowledgable .
0	this place was super cool !
1	a go to for me , always the best service and lively atmosphere .
1	great place to start the night !
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	i will definitely be back in the future for more fun times .
1	such a cute date night spot .
0	i liked the selection of wines .
1	the atmosphere is great , dark plush seating , warm colors .
1	friendly staff .
0	packed and fun .
1	this place just has a cool factor all its own .
1	it was definitely a cool concept and i would probably return .
1	a must go to with your sweetheart !
1	michelle behind the bar is a doll !
1	amazing .
1	thank you guys for such an amazing time !
1	definitely a must stay again , best kept secret in scottsdale .
0	great room options all differently decorated !
1	cowboy ciao combines southwestern and italian food .
0	_num_ stars for the stetson chopped salad alone .
1	they play up the whole cowboy thing and blend it to create southwestern italian .
1	excellent combination of flavors , very unique .
1	inside is even better .
1	great wine selection , great food , great fun .
1	please oh please try the sea stew !
1	fantastic food , cooked by a chef that pays attention to detail .
1	great staff and never disappointing .
1	interesting food combinations that definitely please the taste buds .
1	very , very good food here .
1	we 'll definitely stop by again next time we are in town .
0	the stuffed pork chop was very good and so were the short ribs .
1	they are the most professional staff in the entire valley !
1	awesome food , awesome drinks , awesome staff .
1	regardless we will keep coming back to cowboy ciao .
1	this has to be one of the best fusion combos i have ever had .
1	the exotic mushroom pan fry is just as good .
1	i have been here three times and all three have been great experiences !
0	`` the best steak i 've ever had '' , he said .
1	cowboy ciao is a new favorite , especially for this mushroom lover .
1	solid .
1	you must get the chopped salad , it really is that good .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
1	service has always been prompt and friendly .
1	service - excellent .
0	the ahi was excellent .
0	the salad came out and looked beautiful only a lot smaller than i thought .
1	i would highly recommend cowboy ciao , but make your reservations well in advance !
1	it is amazing .
1	nice little upscale place in scottsdale .
1	i definitely recommend the place !
1	good food .
0	highly recommended .
1	it is the best item on the menu .
1	a repeat visit is definitely in order .
1	it was a huge portion , if you 're into that .
1	i recommend getting the bread with it for dipping .
1	the chopped salad is a specialty , and it was delicious .
0	it was full and lively on a tuesday night .
1	highly recommended !
1	you will have no problem finding extraordinary flavors in the food here !
1	simply great .
1	the bread pudding was amazing .
1	perfectly moist , with lots of flavor , and not too sweet .
1	this is my new favorite restaurant !
1	the food is wonderful !
1	fantastic spot .
1	food is fantastic .
1	_num_ ) finish it .
1	_num_ ) finish it .
1	amazing overall .
1	a crazy combination of ingredients that work so well together .
1	yeah !
1	excellent margaritas & wine list .
1	atmosphere is fun yet sophisticated .
1	this is my favorite restaurant in the valley .
0	i just moved to scottsdale and ate dinner here ... amazing !
0	service was great and food was even better .
1	i 'll definitely be returning soon !
1	great service , super sweet wine list .
1	great place for dinner for _num_ or a big group .
1	everyone we bring here loves it !
0	great people-watching spot right in old town , and the place had cute character .
1	i will definitely be going back .
1	we really enjoyed their flights they have to choose from .
0	service was very good .
0	we shared the filet mignon and the fish and everything was very good .
1	and the wild boar meatballs with the delicious cream sauce .
1	great place to dine , if you 're ever in the downtown scottsdale area .
1	seriously delicious .
0	the quinoa was a perfect accompaniment to the dish .
1	a must have is the stetson salad ; i love this salad !
1	i love their pork belly dishes !
1	this restaurant is a must when you 're visiting the area .
0	absolutely loved the chopped salad and the grilled shrimp over corn salsa .
1	cowboy ciao is overall well rounded .
1	great interior design , fantastic service , and well cooked filet .
1	the atmosphere is great , although very dressy .
1	the food will blow you away and is pretty high end .
1	absolutely brilliant , wish i would have thought of it myself .
1	a memorable presentation and a must order .
1	yum yum yum !
1	love this place !
1	enjoyed the food and liked the fact that there are smaller sharing plates .
1	would be good to eat with bread or something .
0	the food was upscale home cooking with a unique take on each plate .
1	cool atmosphere and great waiter .
1	once you have some of the food you will know why ... ... .
0	the mac and cheese was great , too !
1	also , love the tuna when they have it on the menu .
1	also love the ciao shots with the lime on top .
1	stetson salad !
1	stetson salad !
1	cowboy ciao is one of my favorite things about visiting scottsdale !
0	recommended spot in old town !
1	everything is wonderful .
1	i highly recommend going here to anyone wanting a nice meal while in scottsdale .
1	cowboy chow is great !
1	next time i 'm in town , i 'll be returning to this spot !
1	value 's ok as well .
1	its so fresh and flavorful i could eat it everyday !
0	we were served their famous chopped salad and it was tasty .
1	delicious drinks too !
0	i had the pork shank ; very good .
1	superb service from steve , despite allergy needs for menu changes .
1	innovative southwestern cooking .
1	a great mix of eclectic very good food .
1	love the wild mushroom dish .
1	funky restaurant , great food !
1	remarkable !
1	everything my friends and i have tried at cowboy ciao has been exceptional .
1	one of my favorites by far .
1	i crave the stetson chopped salad and open face steak sandwich .
1	food and service are impeccable .
1	great service and ambiance .
0	service was good , and the staff was friendly .
1	the exotic mushroom pan fry is also a great choice !
1	cowboy is awesome !
1	the staff is great and bartenders know their stuff .
1	excellent place with fantastic food .
1	seriously amazing food !
1	the best we 've ever had !
1	overall a good meal !
1	i love that they have a `` different '' menu .
1	lots of unique choices - all good !
0	i thought that was so awesome !
0	all were outstanding !
1	chopped salad is legit !
1	wow .
1	wine selection is outstanding .
1	amazing meal to start a night out in oldtown .
1	it 's exactly what it sounds like , which is amazing .
1	overall a great place for dinner if you 're into that sort of thing .
1	i literally dream about the stetson salad !
1	super .
0	and the staff was great .
1	quick to help and very friend .
1	i totally love cowboy ciao .
1	oh ... the food is still incredible .
1	the stetson salad is as good as advertised !
0	service was very good !
0	the food was excellent and the restaurant had a great wine selection .
1	i would highly recommend the signature salad !
0	i also had the mac and cheese flavor just dance in my mouth .
1	delicious !
1	the stetson salad is how good as they say it is .
0	delicious chopped salad .
1	i love this place !
1	it is the number one place i recommend when friends come into town .
1	anyways on to the food the most important part !
1	great food , drinks and service.
1	this is a place were you come casual and feel very relaxed .
1	the stetson chopped salad is so good !
1	great sandwich and an interesting take on it .
1	mushrooms and stetson salad are a must any time visiting az !
1	great food , wine , and atmosphere !
1	great food and wait staff .
0	i had a business dinner here this week , and was very happy .
1	i will definitely come back .
1	great spot !
1	all well-prepared and delicious .
0	my boyfriend 's meat loaf was absolutely delicious .
1	anyway , the mushroom dish is definitely worth ordering .
1	great food .
1	impressive wine list .
1	great experience .
1	the food is always amazing .
1	the best chopped salad on the planet !
1	anyhow , i 'm a fan .
1	the food here is amazing .
1	best food and service i have had in a long time !
1	places like this make me really happy for promotions like arizona restaurant week !
1	take my word for it ... the stetson chopped salad is a treat .
1	great food and service in a western modern like setting .
1	a+ !
1	great choice !
1	i will be back !
0	food was amazing and drinks were really good .
0	we took friends during restaurant week and the food was outstanding .
1	great service and excellent wine selection !
1	super awesome !
1	fun , loud atmosphere .
1	fun for groups or with your honey .
1	the textures and blend of ingredients are perfection !
1	the kind of good that makes you want to lick the bowl .
1	great service , great food .
1	the home of the best salad i 've ever had .
1	fairly creative menu with quality .
1	decor enjoyable .
1	the upscale shopping district setting also offers some good people watching .
1	service , food , ambiance are all spot on !
1	there is a variety of great food .
1	so good !
1	soo good !
1	so good .
1	highly recommend .
1	great food and atmosphere and you have to try the cowboy salad .
1	we have been here a half dozen times and always have a good experience .
1	service is always quality and the food is even better .
1	i love cowboy ciao !
1	we have been patrons now for _num_ years and will definitely keep coming back !
1	it 's my absolute favorite lunch spot !
1	i highly recommend this spot !
1	the chopped salad is the best around .
1	i get it the classic way with the smoked salmon !
1	what a great group of guys .
1	it went from wandering to perfection , thank you very much , pat !
1	its great because it has something in every price point .
1	they are the epitome of true customer service .
1	she knows her product and customers so well .
1	i ca n't say enough good things about this place !
1	i 'm glad that great customer service can still be experienced at a nordstrom .
1	nice .
1	( so that 's like a gift to me ... .
1	but it 's nice i have that option .
1	nordstrom gets four stars because at least we have one !
1	i kept the receipt , i know , smart right ?
1	service is great but hard to find .
1	they always have the best customer service and friendly staff !
1	i will gladly report that this store 's restrooms are immaculately clean .
1	one of my favorite stores in town .
1	really nice selection of clothes and great service !
1	i love nordstrom .
1	they are always friendly and helpful .
1	great selection , and very helpful staff .
1	thank you terri and the nordstrom 's team for making this experience so wonderful !
1	she help me try literally a dozen dresses !
1	very big , good selection , and clean .
1	they have the best return policy in town .
1	service here is just as great at other nordstrom locations .
1	thank you for the good service !
1	that 's how they make most of their money .
1	i love nordstrom 's .
1	great place .
1	wonderful !
1	cheap , tasty and friendly always has a place in my heart !
1	i love it .
1	no frills , but always solid food .
1	best chimichangas in phx .
1	take the food to go !
1	the service is also extremely fast and very friendly .
1	hands down , best tacos i 've ever had .
1	i really love this place and could eat here every other day !
1	very inexpensive and it is locally owned .
1	this is a top _num_ mexican food spot !
1	clean establishment .
1	the green enchilada sauce is a must .
1	for the price , it was certainly filling and enjoyable .
1	it melts in your mouth and has just the right amount of spice .
0	the owners were so sweet and nice !
1	go and love it !
1	very simple place , but clean with immediate attention & great prices !
1	love that you can get beer here too , they also deliver .
1	best machaca ever and green corn tamales !
0	the enchiladas were decent but the beans and rice were great .
1	the bean and cheese burritos are super fresh and their sauce is outstanding !
1	i am very pleased with my order .
1	i can highly recommend their guacamole which is seasoned perfectly and never overwhelming .
1	love this place .
1	they are prompt and delicious !
0	food was so excellent !
1	best mexican food ever , and the owner and employees are so gracious !
1	awesome !
1	great pricing considering they deliver .
1	the salsa is nice and spicy , and the portions were plentiful .
1	if you are in the area , definitely worth a visit .
1	i can eat breakfast food at anytime so i 'm always a fan .
0	the coffee was good .
1	thanks denny 's staff you are awesome .
1	great service !
1	the prices are good , the food is warm and the coffee is hot .
1	it 's recently been renovated , it 's clean and comfortable .
1	our favorite dennys .
1	food is great .
1	typical denny 's , but the service is exceptional .
1	i love breakfast .
1	fantastic .
1	i 'm just happy that there are still places like this in phoenix .
1	this place is solid .
1	we always have a good breakfast here and we go on a regular basis .
1	pancakes as you would expect are quite good .
1	but the food is so , so good .
1	awesome place for breakfast .
1	hard to park and get into most times , but well worth it .
1	it 's stellar .
1	but i 'm glad some people keep away - it means more for me !
1	servers are great .
1	what a fantastic dive .
1	best in town !
1	amazing .
1	it is a special treat as few places make it .
1	everyone does omelets , pancakes , etc .
1	friendly and attentive service .
1	i love the retro feel of this place .
1	the dutch baby is yum and their omelettes are fluffy and delicious .
1	it 's very simple and clean .
1	this place offers pretty nearly every kind of pancake there is .
1	everything i 've tasted here has been excellent .
1	great service and good food .
1	everything i 've ever eaten here has been delicious and the service is great !
1	great service and friendly atmosphere .
1	good people , excellent food , no matter what you order .
1	( terrific hot chocolate , too . )
1	the food is still amazing .
1	good customer service , good menu , quality eating , so-so parking .
1	very traditional and lots of choices !
1	definitely an `` older '' crowd .
1	if you 're in a rush this is the place is fabulous .
1	great service and the food is unbelievable not to mention to portions are huge .
1	what a fun little place in scottsdale !
0	all were delicious .
1	fast but quality service .
1	friendly atmosphere , super chill yet super fast !
1	this place is the best .
1	i 've been coming here for years & it 's definitely a gem .
1	the crepes are sooo good and the bacon !
1	they have specials which are very good too .
1	the staff is very friendly .
1	classic pancakes .
1	nice vintage atmosphere .
1	the hostesses are always welcoming and friendly .
1	this place has been around for a long time and i can see why .
1	they are in my top _num_ spots for a great breakfast .
1	this is a must for pancakes .
1	very retro cool dive vibe to it .
1	the food is beautiful !
1	has a old time diner feel to it .
1	has decent coffee .
1	great corn beef hash best thing on the menu .
1	omelets are pretty good and pancakes are great .
1	it 's a place you must visit while you are in scottsdale az .
1	we 've been coming in here for _num_ years and it is consistently fabulous !
0	i had some great whole grain toast w/ it .
0	service was very good .
1	there is always immediate availability and the staff and vets are great .
1	they genuinely care about my pets and their well being .
1	they do what they are supposed to do and they do it well .
1	i would and do highly recommend them for your pets ' care .
0	they were very sympathetic and said to come right away !
1	i love that you can schedule online .
1	what a great find !
1	that take great care of my dog coco every time .
1	they are upfront with their pricing and are very reasonable .
1	this is the best animal hospital that we have ever been .
0	the office was able to get us in right away .
1	exceedingly good care .
1	great student art gallery with a good variety and ever changing selection .
1	the art is wonderful and the prices are really affordable .
1	i love his rosemary and his pesto spread , both are a must !
1	very welcoming and accommodating !
1	they have good deals on bowling and shoe rental .
0	it was great !
1	both beth & joe are very helpful and know their business .
1	i will purchase here again and recommend to friends .
1	the ring is beyond beautiful - delicate and perfect in every way .
1	joe and beth are honestly just the best !
1	awesome customer service .
0	the setting i received was perfect !
1	the attention to your complete satisfaction is a refreshing experience in these times .
0	from start to finish she made the process so easy and enjoyable .
1	customer service is top notch as well .
1	he 's a sweet guy and is always honest .
1	highly recommend bringing your vehicle here .
1	the more important part is you will receive a good haircut .
1	the hot towel is a nice touch .
1	one giant yum !
0	the ladies at this location were sweet and welcoming .
1	i remember going to see 's with my mom when i was younger .
1	what a great operation .
1	they are quite simply the most professional and best real estate school in arizona .
1	my favorite part of the school is bill gray !
1	i look forward to taking another class from you tomorrow .
0	in all , we had a very good experience .
1	they are great about shipping out of state which i take full advantage of .
1	i like that they have beautiful things in all price ranges .
1	i love tiffany .
1	michael in customer service is a gentleman and very sweet .
0	everyone i dealt with was knowledgeable , professional , and personable .
1	i highly recommend both .
0	btw their sale was really nice .
1	unlike many other places i 've been , these people honor that appointment .
1	great job !
1	pretty straightforward place .
1	it 's pretty good .
1	but the burgers are good , and the fries .
1	she is a very very nice lady too !
1	alan 's air is awesome !
1	he 's a great guy and does great work !
1	alan is the best !
0	alan was great !
1	friendly as all can be and very informative .
1	i highly recommend alan 's air for any of your conditioning needs .
1	he is honest , well priced , and a great guy to work with .
1	what a fantastic company !
0	phil was great !
1	i would definitely recommend alan 's air !
1	alan and bill are super nice and thorough .
1	very impressive !
1	highly recommend !
1	thank you alan for being awesome and honest .
0	i called several places and got quotes .
1	very honest and almost half the price of the other guys !
1	the owner , alan , is honest and very easy to work with .
1	regardless of the price , i 'll still go back .
0	we had a great experience from start to finish .
1	they are just so great with my best furry buddy .
1	he loves to play and visit with all of his friends at the shop .
1	he is clean , fluffy , handsome and happy .
0	so pleased to have found a groomer in arizona !
1	awesome place .
0	a quality facility that took excellent care of my dogs .
1	very friendly staff who really care about the dogs and extremely reasonable price .
1	their grooming is also excellent .
1	the customer service is wonderful with real people .
1	love love love this place .
1	buddy is so happy when he comes to visit here weekly .
1	thank you .
1	i 'm very picky about people who care for those that i love .
1	i will definitely be taking buddy back and recommending canine preferred .
0	the staff @ canine preferred were phenomenal !
1	so accommodating and such nice staff .
1	diane , neal and their crew are just great !
1	she always goes out of her way to make sure we are happy .
1	they are so great with my rescue , winston .
1	they are great groomers too !
1	he always looks adorable when they groom him .
0	she spent _num_ nights here and was perfectly fine when i got home .
1	excellent professional job !
1	we will definitely be back !
1	i highly recommend their grooming and day care services .
1	thanks diane for taking such good care of buddy .
1	excellent service , but the most important thing is mia trust them .
1	the prices are the best you can get .
1	the staff and ownership are very sweet and treat my puppies with kid gloves .
1	they do a beautiful job every time .
1	this place is small , locally owned and awesome !
1	best part of this place , it 's cage free !
1	thank you canine preferred !
1	our dog always come back looking sharp and happy .
1	the prices are great too .
1	they always do a great job and are so friendly .
1	all three have different needs and their coats look amazing when they 're done .
1	happy with the cut and with the price !
1	i will definitely be back .
1	they are very conscientious and work hard to get it right .
0	they did a great job !
1	very happy with the grooming .
1	you can see the groomer and peak into the doggie day care area .
0	everyone was so nice and all of the dogs seemed so comfortable there .
1	i never thought they would be able to trim his face up so well .
1	we will definitely be coming back here for all our grooming needs !
1	canine preferred is fantastic .
1	and to top it off everyone is super nice and friendly .
1	at canine preferred , it 's all kindness and love .
1	talk about great date spot !
1	_num_ stars for the excellent service and delicious food !
1	thanks to all previous yelpers for this recommendation !
1	definitely a favorite .
1	i advise that you go with friends and share different types of cow .
1	& fresh beef jerky if you 're really lucky !
1	but the dinner prices are a bit steep for the middle class .
0	went to happy hour here with some clients and it was great .
1	i find this place very unique and fun !
1	will definitely return !
1	it is served with fresh cut french fries .
1	this place is great .
1	the food is unique and savory .
1	the menu is small , but terrific .
0	the big ass burger was the best burger i have ever had .
0	the meat was amazing and melted in your mouth .
1	love it !
1	quality food !
1	good service !
1	_num_ words : incredible dish !
0	we were definitely delighted by great food and a great service .
1	the absolute highest creativity and quality you 'll find in scottsdale .
1	i 'm definitely going to go back and give it a try .
1	the service is great .
0	everything was cooked to perfection and the flavors were amazing together .
0	we had an amazing dining experience .
1	we like to catch the happy hour someday .
1	the food has always been exceptional .
1	food is outstanding and employees seem to care about what they do .
1	well worth the trip and your money .
1	i want to take some of this home with me !
1	everything , including the service was incredible !
1	it is so yummy !
1	excellent drinks and very friendly professional service .
1	we also liked the warm and inviting atmosphere in the bar .
1	i 'm in heaven in this place and go back often .
1	yeah !
0	anyway ... the food was great !
1	would highly recommend both of those dishes .
1	this is a good restaurant .
1	the braised dr. pepper ribs are excellent .
1	the roaring fork is one of my very favorite restaurants .
1	the pork green chili served with warm tortillas is dreamy .
1	there were about three tables open and a dozen seats open at the bar .
1	atmosphere is nice and there is plenty of parking .
1	love this restaurant !
1	certainly one of my favorite places to dine in scottsdale .
1	thank you roaring fork , for not letting us down .
1	great service , food and drink , thank you uncle bob for this gift !
1	i absolutely love roaring fork .
1	the drinks are reasonably priced , the food , truly fantastic too .
1	a great place to start off an evening in scottsdale .
1	the wine list wonderful .
1	it is packed .
1	i really enjoy the vegetable sides .
1	a solid restaurant in scottsdale .
1	awesome , awesome , awesome !
1	there should be a lot more craft beers on the menu .
1	omg !
1	really guys , this stew is phenomenal .
1	big ass burger is one of the best burger i have ever had !
1	great atmosphere !
1	not quite enough guac for me - but great overall .
1	service here is always excellent and i always look forward to my visits here .
1	big ass burger is my one true love , besides my cat .
1	please , roaring fork , please bring back the yummy beef jerky !
1	warm and inviting !
1	very professional and competent and friendly .
1	the menu has a great selection to choose from .
1	good food , decent price and a southwestern atmosphere .
0	they loved the food , service and ambiance .
1	first of all , delicious food !
1	their chicken tortilla soup is one of the best i 've ever had .
1	very good service .
1	the adult arnold palmer is delicious , both the standard and peach version .
1	great food as well .
1	and boy is it big and tasty !
1	it 's first come , first served .
1	a delightful dining experience .
1	thee best yet !
1	outstanding serves , food , food and more food !
1	drinks from the bar where strong and good !
1	food awesome !
1	great food every single time and excellent staff !
1	love it .
1	very high quality food .
1	that 's right , i said all night happy hour !
1	wow !
1	on top of that - the food is soooo good .
1	our first visit to the roaring fork , and an amazing experience and food .
1	and the heated pecan pie with gelato , to die for !
1	they truly seem interested in the local patrons , and offering a wonderful experience .
1	thank you for a wonderful evening !
1	amazing service !
1	will definitely return .
0	the restaurant itself was beautiful and had a wonderful atmosphere .
1	great happy hour !
1	they were really good and i would definitely order again .
1	absolutely wonderful !
0	we were both so impressed .
0	the cocktails were awesome ; unique and tasty .
1	awesome wait staff , delicious food and really strange atmosphere .
0	it was juicy and savory !
1	as always , a great dinner .
0	great steaks were had by all and the blt wedge was fantastic .
0	for the appetizers , try the pork burritos - those were terrific .
1	great happy hour food menu !
0	it was delicious and probably the best pork tenderloin i 've ever had .
1	this was one of the best southwestern meals i have ever had .
1	overall a great experience .
1	really one of the best places i 've been to .
1	service was great and would come back again .
0	i went with the short rib and found it both good and disappointing .
1	a fun , upscale clientele in beautiful surroundings .
1	incredible staff , friendly managers and great food !
1	i highly recommend this venue .
1	great food , great service , great ambience !
1	the service is exceptional as well .
1	good place for a romantic dinner !
1	my favorite neighborhood restaurant .
1	food is awesome and the staff is very friendly .
1	still , i will go back .
1	fantastic happy hour .
1	the green chili pot and sliders are worth checking out .
1	the patio looked great , next time i will have to sit out there .
1	if you like burgers , you 'll love the big ass burger !
1	fantastic happy hour all day on sundays and mondays .
1	the food is worth the price .
1	the best happy hour in scottsdale .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in the valley !
1	they have the best happy hour location and best burger .
0	went to try the happy hour and was pretty impressed .
1	$ _num_ martinis ( perfect full pours ) and really good margaritas .
1	good service , nice bar area and good schedule on the happy hour .
1	everyone in our group is a converted fan and we will definitely be back !
1	love this place !
1	will be back !
1	all of the other app options are solid .
1	this one is going into the rotation for sure !
1	great place for happy hour !
1	i have only been here once , but will definitely be back !
1	great place for an anniversary !
1	fantastic service and great food .
1	also , the food items are a delicious no matter what you order .
1	both times the food was excellent and the service fabulous .
1	shrimp and grits = a solid ten !
1	excellent .
1	fantastic happy hour and excellent cuisine .
1	very good food .
0	we sat on the patio and it was very pleasant .
0	the green chile mac and cheese was incredible !
1	def recommend !
0	price was just right and the service was very good .
1	green chile appetizer is unique and the big ass burger is phenomenal .
1	tip : go on monday 's for all day happy hour !
0	the tenderloin was perfect and the burger was huge .
1	thank you roaring fork !
0	just enjoyed a wonderful dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday .
1	highly recommend the buttermilk chicken .
0	drink menu had a nice mix .
0	my wife had the fish tacos - very good !
1	wow !
1	for dessert the spicy chocolate torte .
0	and the service was excellent , too .
1	great for out of town guests .
1	delicious and unique menu .
0	the lamb fondue was so great , the trout , salads and chicken .
1	one of the best restaurants i have been to in scottsdale !
0	service was great !
1	wow !
1	happy hour menu is incredible .
1	the big ass burger is incredible .
1	the `` big ass '' burger was delicious i would recommend that to anyone .
1	two words : happy hour .
1	yummy steaks , great atmosphere , good wine list .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in scottsdale .
0	great service and the ambiance on the patio was just the best !
1	fantastic happy hour .
1	mmm , will be back soon !
1	drink totally worth it !
1	heaven !
1	food and service is wonderful !
1	reservation is definitely needed , as it 's popular .
1	and , for good reason !
0	the clever drinks also hit the spot .
1	thanks roaring fork !
1	delicious .
1	their burger is massive and very fresh , while only being _num_ bucks .
1	they take reservations and i would definitely make another one !
1	lots of unique flavors and the mac and cheese is a must !
1	so good !
1	really good pork wings and fish tacos .
1	awesome !
0	went for happy hour and was impressed with the selection of drinks and appetizers .
1	still a great meal for the price .
1	great food and service !
1	incredible food , and impeccable service .
1	incredible .
0	the waitstaff was great .
0	had a great time .
1	enjoy .
1	this is one of our favorite places to take out of towners .
1	service was and always is amazing .
0	our service was very kind with us !
0	i liked also the classy and romantic atmosphere of the restaurant .
0	our waiter was awesome , very good attention .
0	got the fried buttermilk chicken , wow !
1	as always great food and drinks .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	i would be back constantly ( especially for happy hour ! )
0	service was also very good and i like atmosphere .
1	great staff .
1	thumbs up !
1	the service is very friendly , even though the food came out slightly slow .
1	it 's very classy spot .
1	definitely will be back .
1	we love this place .
1	great happy hour !
1	patio seating is very nice .
1	first of all the service is unmatched .
1	love it and they have a great happy hour !
0	the music in the background was awesome .
1	anyway , this is still one of my favorite places !
1	the ambiance is comfortable , casual , and the service is really good .
0	the menu had a variety of choices with something to please everyone .
1	great food !
1	amazing !
0	i had the carnitas and the pork just fell apart with an amazing flavor .
1	the pecan wood they fire it in makes for an amazing flavor .
1	great for groups or date night .
1	delicious food .
0	the staff was warm and friendly .
1	great happy hour !
1	but the fork is a great place .
1	i 'll be adding them to my `` best burger '' list .
1	very nice ambience for a date or to go out with people .
1	highly recommended !
1	absolutely amazing !
1	amazing food , drinks , and prices .
1	great service as well !
1	heck , i 'll have two !
1	the queso and green chili pork are great appetizers .
1	great service , great atmosphere .
1	very good service - i 'll be back !
1	very good experience .
1	there are many places in south scottsdale that has wonderful food .
1	awesome happy hour that goes everyday until 10pm .
1	what a hidden treasure .
1	the service was tremendous sitting at the bar .
1	the bartenders are friendly and deliver great service .
1	the half chicken is amazing and the shirt ribs are some of the best .
1	absolutely fabulous !
1	sat at bar for about an hour happy hour every day until labor day .
1	and to top it off delicious food .
1	he was informative and engaging .
1	not an every day adventure for sure , but we will definitely return !
1	this place is incredible .
1	the salmon being the biggest surprise and the best salmon i 've ever had .
0	the mac and cheese was super good as well .
1	excellent place !
1	delicious !
1	great happy hour and great service !
1	high quality food for very little money .
1	amazing restaurant !
0	i was thoroughly impressed .
0	the food , ambiance , and service was all top notch !
1	service is great , good wine selection and great happy hour in the bar .
1	highly recommend the trout !
1	the food is excellent and the ambiance is perfect for any date night .
1	very impressed with roaring fork !
1	will definitely return for happy hour .
1	happy hour specials and atmosphere are great .
0	service was excellent both times i was there a year apart .
1	omg , this place is great .
0	the pork roast was cooked just right and was deliciously marinated .
1	we will definitely go back !
1	great service !
1	will definitely be coming back !
0	loved it .
1	beautiful atmosphere , wonderful attentive staff .
0	service was great , food was delicious and the atmosphere was enjoyable .
1	went here twice and everything here is amazing !
1	the roaring fork has wonderful food and fantastic customer service .
1	excellent restaurant with a high end comfort food menu that really hits the mark !
1	good happy hour and they have price points for everyone .
1	everything on the menu is delicious .
1	service is always top notch .
1	the food is hands down the best in town .
1	great drink menu and fun patio .
1	great food !
1	a little pricy but worth it .
1	all in all a great eat for everybody !
1	the happy hour is crazy good .
0	everything was delicious .
0	it had a bit of a spicy kick to it and was so good .
0	the pork was so tender !
1	we would love to come back to this restaurant and would highly recommend it !
0	really liked this place .
1	definitely will come back again .
1	great service !
1	staff very accommodating and the meal was excellent .
0	all prepared well .
1	great place !
0	service was prompt and friendly .
1	in closing , a little difficult to find , but well worth the hunt !
1	although the food is expensive , the food is definitely worth it .
1	the food is good , the appetizers are well priced during happy hour .
1	the food is magnificent and the staff was wonderful .
1	roaring fork is not perfect but it is pretty close .
1	thanks for a fine meal , roaring fork .
0	pretty much all food was great .
1	the service since has continued to be excellent : fast , attentive and friendly .
0	received great service from mark , who went above and beyond .
1	this store has great customer service .
1	thank you for your help !
1	good job kids !
1	nice people , professional service .
1	this is a no nonsense - customer service oriented family business .
1	this is the best place i have ever taken my car .
1	the mechanics are so knowledgable and fair .
1	this is the best garage in all of scottsdale .
1	they are fair , inexpensive and the best .
1	really friendly helpful guys .
1	i would highly recommend them to anyone in the area .
1	they will continue to get my business .
1	honest , professional , friendly .
1	they are very helpful , and they give me couple of choices .
1	it is truly refreshing to see a smaller shop constantly be so busy .
1	i highly recommend this shop .
1	if your car needs repair , this is definitely the place to go !
1	and maybe better than all of that , they are consistent !
1	would recommend them to my grandmother .
1	well worth it .
1	great customer service in addition to the great work they do .
1	the staff is great .
1	all of the staff is knowledgeable and extremely honest .
1	the most honest auto business by far .
1	i refer everyone and anyone to this place .
1	incredible place .
1	thanks again !
1	clean premises and pleasant employees .
1	trust these guys both for what they do and do n't do .
1	amazing place .
1	i 'd recommend !
1	they always go above and beyond with my car .
1	i will tell everyone about you !
1	i am so happy i found this shop .
1	kim is the best .
1	their customer service is amazing !
1	really lovely place .
1	very cool local book store in the heart of old town .
1	i love this place !
1	she is intelligent and sweet .
1	love shopping here .
1	wide variety of books .
1	will definitely be back next year when i return to az !
1	definitely worth a trip .
1	this is a wonderful well cared for , small bookstore .
1	definitely a place to take all visiting friends and family !
1	the huge hot tub is a delight in the winter .
1	the people at the front desk have always been friendly and chatty .
1	yes , this is very important .
1	i 'd recommend this property for a family .
1	the best experience getting this procedure done .
1	great service and great staff .
1	super friendly and professional and the adjustments rock !
1	he knows his business , is very thorough and is on time !
1	dr. price is great !
1	dr. price & his staff are very friendly & helpful !
1	nice man .
1	it 's a great little optometrist office .
1	the prices for contacts and glasses are also very competitive .
1	this place is awesome !
1	great office .
1	either way , i highly recommend this office .
1	i highly recommend them and have no complaints at all .
1	i highly recommend them eyecare plus !
0	i had a great experience today as a first time patient .
1	the staff is professional , kind , and welcoming .
1	it 's a great office , very friendly staff , comfortable , and professional .
1	they are well organized and are knowledgable about their practice .
1	which is rare in any health related field .
1	they also have a great selection of eyewear .
1	so friendly and very helpful .
1	eyecare plus is the best i have experienced in arizona .
1	i like to come in here and write songs while i eat .
1	she sounds very cheerful and is very nice .
1	but i 'd definitely recommend jonathan to anyone !
1	i am always greeted warmly and alicia is always very friendly .
1	salon tru is very nice salon , but a little pricey .
1	misty is a talented hair stylist .
1	i love salon tru !
1	helen is the best !
1	if you are looking for a great stylist , ask for helen !
1	great salon , decent prices , high quality merchandise .
1	the prices are reasonable and the talent is tru ... .
1	and , the color remains looking good for a while .
1	i really like the location .
1	it has been years since i have felt this beautiful !
1	i highly recommend misty !
1	i will definitely go back to salon tru and jenna .
1	i would recommend allison to anyone !
0	i called and got an appointment with lisa .
0	i loved my hair when i left and still do !
1	not only is she professional but her energy is awesome .
1	she is fun to talk to , and does a wonderful job .
1	she has such a great personality and does a wonderful job on my hair .
1	leah is great !
1	well , what do you know , i loved it !
1	salon tru has one of the best stylist in the valley !
1	i always leave the salon absolutely loving my hair cut and color !
1	i can not recommend her enough and love going to see her at tru .
1	she is a genuinely sweet person that enjoys making you look beautiful .
1	i love the color of my hair and so appreciated her ability and kindness .
1	love salon tru !
1	this is my favorite hair salon that i 've ever been to !
1	thank you amanda , i will be back !
1	thank you for always helping me to look my best .
1	you 're one of the best in the business for sure .
1	emily is my go to gal and is very good at what she does .
1	i love salon tru , friendly staff and excellent service .
1	emily has been doing my hair for years and she does a fantastic job !
1	thank you so much !
1	lovely place !
0	i had a great experience at salon tru .
0	her customer skills were amazing and she did an excellent job with my hair .
1	i love emily !
1	nothing costs over $ _num_ ... great people , great service !
1	wow , i am in love with this place !
1	i am so happy that i found this place .
1	now that 's worth it to me !
1	they are very courteous and helpful .
1	best service i have ever received !
1	( they do make you sign for it when you do so though ) .
1	great service !
1	polite , attentive , on time and great prices !
1	they do a pretty decent job .
1	good service with good pricing for both dry cleaning and laundry services .
0	i was impressed for the most part .
1	the prices are good and turn around is quick .
1	best value in town !
1	they have very kind employees and have always provided wonderful service .
1	great bang for your buck .
1	huge fan !
1	nice service .
1	nice owner and clerks .
1	not only do they do a great job but their customer service is impeccable .
1	there is usually a line , especially after 4pm but it moves pretty quick .
1	the horchata here has the perfect balance of sweetness and spices .
1	it 's just delicious , greasy mexican food at its best .
1	i love this place ... .
1	i love their fish tacos and texas burritos .
1	i especially love it after a night out .
1	the super nachos are really tasty too !
1	well , shoot !
1	now i want that for dinner !
1	love the breakfast burritos !
1	i usually get a california burrito or super nachos , they are both delicious .
1	i highly recommend this place if you want fast service and good food .
1	best chicken enchiladas anywhere !
1	the chicken is so moist , tender , yummy !
1	highly recommend this fast drive-thru !
1	the menu is pretty extensive .
1	the portions are generous , filling you up when you 're hungry .
0	it was very clean .
1	how much is good pizza worth ?
1	we always make sure we have joe 's when we travel to scottsdale .
1	we count on joe 's for some of the best pizza in town .
1	large pie with meatball and basil !
1	eat at joe 's !
0	i was drunk and i loved the white pizza with spinach .
1	i just love this place .
1	i highly recommend the calzone or stromboli .
1	hopefully i 'll enjoy it just as much !
1	another great thing about this place is they sell it by the slice .
1	this is as good as it gets if you are in old town !
1	the pizza is as good as it gets in phoenix .
1	the pizza is crazy good and the calzones are even better .
0	the pizza came promptly and it was very tasty .
1	awesome pizza .
1	best pizza in town .
1	their cheese steak sandwich is also great .
1	joe 's new york pizza is great .
0	highly recommended .
1	this place gets five stars for the quality of their food .
1	i feel like family here !
1	without a doubt this is the best pizza scottsdale can offer !
1	my favorite go-to slice is the delicious white pizza with spinach and tomato !
1	the pizza however was amazing !
1	keep up the great work .
1	this pizza is quality hangover protection .
1	love it !
1	the perfect place to go after a night of drinking !
1	great pizza .
1	once i find something i like , i stick with it .
1	this is the best pizza in the state !
1	they too agree that the pizza is fantastic .
1	oh my gosh it is the best !
1	that 's always an extra bonus !
1	the guy ordering take out was soooooo nice !
1	they have true ny style pizza , dripping with grease and deliciousness .
1	so good !
1	joe 's has excellent food .
1	their pizza , meatballs , and calzones are great !
1	awesome .
1	it 's good , quality , big pizza for a fair price .
1	it 's small and not very inviting .
1	best ever !
1	and , the meatballs omg !
1	fast and tasty pizza .
1	fast service .
1	great spot to frequent if you are a local , or if just visiting .
1	owner knows what she 's doing .
1	solid slices .
1	both good in my opinion .
1	you get a discount and the staff is extremely friendly to all !
1	this is my favorite place to go after work and while on break !
0	the pizza was delicious and i was very happy .
1	delicious .
1	so good !
1	this is the best pizza in az !
1	their crust is perfectly thin and crunchy in all the right places .
0	late night we ordered pepperoni sicilian pizza and it was very good .
1	all in all , very good pizza .
1	love it !
1	the spinach and tomato is vey fresh .
1	the service is good .
1	the food is served in a timely manner , as are your initial drinks .
1	malee 's is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
1	this is definitely one of favorite places to eat in the valley so far .
1	the noodles , fish , soups are excellent .
1	the sauce on it is great , and the portion is gigantic .
1	i love this place !
1	this place was full of locals , who always know best .
0	very fresh , very reasonably priced .
1	there are two locations -- we hit the one in old town on main .
1	some of the finest thai food in the valley .
1	great service .
1	i love the place .
1	my favorite thai place .
1	favorite thai place in the valley .
1	delicious flavors , lots of vegetarian options , hefty portions .
1	most definitely going again next time i 'm in town !
1	great place to go in old town scottsdale .
1	this soup makes me so happy you have no idea .
1	superior in every way !
1	... great : food , service , & atmosphere .
1	... always a crowd pleaser .
1	spinach chicken is also delicious .
1	one big plus for me : a gluten-free menu .
1	the perfect end to a thursday evening spent walking amongst the art in scottsdale .
1	my favorite restaurant in scottsdale , bar none .
0	the drunken noodles ( ordered hot ) were amazing .
1	huge fan !
1	we to the amazing thai bistro on a friday night .
1	very spicy .
1	i will be going back and enjoying this great place !
0	this may have been the best thai food we have had .
0	the restaraunt was clean , well appointed , and the service was excellent .
1	this is , hands down , the best thai place in scottsdale .
1	the menu is varied and creative .
1	the atmosphere is clean , quiet , and relaxed .
1	still it 's always consistent , always just great !
1	the thai tea is a got ta have .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	service has always been efficient and friendly and the atmosphere is nice .
1	your mouth will thank me !
1	the food is incredible as is the atmosphere !
1	the service is also top notch !
1	i 'm a huge fan of their coconut soup with shrimp .
1	best thai food in az !
1	i love this place and it gets five stars .
1	they have a thai beer in a large bottle that is pretty good .
1	fresh and ca n't get enough .
1	the food is always fantastic and they do a mean gin and tonic .
1	malee 's is the right mix of ambiance , comfort and good food .
1	amazing !
1	best thai we 've ever had !
1	absolutely spectacular !
1	best tom yum soup !
1	always friendly !
1	i definitely recommend the fresh spring rolls ( such fluffy noodles ! )
1	best thai in the valley !
1	great service and ok decor .
1	beautiful decoration and great service .
1	if you like thai this is a must !
1	relaxed efficient service .
1	delicious food !
1	restaurant is very pretty and very clean !
1	will definitely come here next time i 'm in scottsdale !
1	fantastic food and great service .
0	the candy fish was exquisite .
1	service is impeccable and proper .
1	i will return !
1	and given the great places we have reviewed , that is saying a lot .
1	very classy fine dining place in oldtown scottsdale !
1	it is a relaxed , roomy atmosphere .
1	everything i have tried on the menu is outstanding - including appetizers and drinks .
1	i am definitely a fan .
1	if you like spicy and delicious thai , look no further !
1	spicy and very yummy .
1	the best !
1	wow ... .
0	the balance of flavors was just spectacular and the amount of food was plentiful .
1	excellent in all areas .
1	nice intimate atmosphere .
1	they really do thai food well .
1	first let me say great service !
0	all that said , it was excellent thai food and we will be back !
1	we love this place .
1	one of my favorite restaurant 's .
1	love the service , atmosphere and food .
1	beautiful walk around old town scottsdale when you 've eaten too much .
1	they have fabulous coconut curry soup , spring rolls , and pad thai .
1	one of my favorite places in the valley .
1	love how the chef can bring the spice .
0	this spot was recommended by a local that i trust with food choices .
1	it is n't that cheap but it 's worth it .
1	please , go here , i promise you will not regret the choice !
1	great food in a great atmosphere !
1	excellent food and great service .
1	the tofu and spinach dumpling is my favorite appetizer .
1	the mango with sweet sticky rice is also a great dessert to end on .
1	very intimate atmosphere .
1	great place for a date .
1	the food is great here and very authentic .
1	this is one of the best restaurants in old town scottsdale .
1	the crab rangoon is also very good .
1	wonderful , welcoming service .
0	every dish i 've had was flavored in a very tasteful way .
1	`` unique food with great flare . ''
1	very nice atmosphere , great for a date .
1	it is so good you will want to pour it down your throat .
0	chris , the manager was superb !
0	tasted excellent .
0	the food was delicious .
1	best thai in town !
1	i love malee 's !
1	i eat their at least once a month .
1	this is an amazing restaurant .
1	i think this is the best thai food in scottsdale .
0	and both were delicious .
1	best duck curry i 've ever had .
1	rice is included !
1	definitely recommend this dish !
1	it was as good as we remember it !
0	the food was divine , service impeccable .
1	possibly the best restaurant around !
1	excellent service , excellent food , had a wonderful dinner and would absolutely return !
1	have been four times and have had a wonderful experience each time .
1	thanks amy !
1	how much better does it get .
1	being part of malee 's email list so you can enjoy the experience yourself !
1	curry is flavorful and the right amount of heat .
1	this place is a keeper and the price was very reasonable .
0	great variety and delicious dessert which i ordered coconut ice cream .
0	malee 's was perfect and reminded me why i love thai food so much .
1	absolutely the best thai i 've ever had in arizona .
1	i have been back _num_ times and the food is always great .
1	the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a winner .
1	they are so good .
1	the portions are huge and the ambience is great .
1	best thai soup i have had !
1	will try to make it back to have a full meal for sure .
1	the service is wonderful and beautiful decor .
1	seems pretty high compared to every other thai place .
0	tom ka gai soup was absolutely fantastic !
1	i could have just ate that and been good !
1	great atmosphere .
1	great food .
1	plates are smaller but it is worth it .
1	taste is good and the atmosphere is relaxing .
1	the service is impeccable and the food authentic .
1	great stuff !
1	this place is amazing !
1	kevin is the best waiter on the planet and totally made my day !
1	the area is so cute and the atmosphere is welcoming .
1	if you life thai food , you definitely love this place .
1	blown .
0	everything was outstanding and so full of flavor .
1	finally found a thai place in az that i can rave about .
1	i love ethnic food .
1	of all the asian cuisine i really love thai food .
1	omg , this place is awesome !
1	service is always good .
1	first time having dinner here and it was delicious !
0	the food was fresh and the atmosphere was pleasant .
1	the staff is friendly and the food is so good .
1	always a good place .
1	great old town location too !
0	both were amazing .
1	this is easily some of the best thai food in the phoenix valley .
1	this place is still as good _num_ years after i started eating there .
1	it 's delicious .
1	nice place , friendly staff .
1	i work close and go for lunch often .
1	this is a solid spot for thai food .
1	surprisingly good thai food .
1	great variety .
1	all in all , a great experience .
1	best thai food in the greater phoenix area without a doubt !
1	i agree with the majority , the food is great !
1	this is probably my favorite thai food in town .
1	the surroundings are very warm and inviting .
1	very good thai food at a reasonable price .
1	ran across this amazingly delicious establishment during our wine tour .
0	our server `` cat '' the owner 's niece was excellent !
1	will definitely be back !
1	homemade condiments with a nice kick .
1	the only downside is that it 's so popular it 's always full !
1	the service is very good .
1	fantastic ambiance , food , service ... total over all experience _num_ thumbs up !
0	we really enjoyed this place !
0	the service was good .
1	great family dinner spot .
1	this could be the best thai food restaurant in town !
1	service is good and friendly .
1	the staff and service are _num_ star as well !
1	if you have the chance stop by you will love it !
1	it 's so good and sweet i could eat it for breakfast .
1	the tom ka gai is really good here as well .
1	love this place !
1	they thai tea is delicious and most important , they are pet friendly .
0	they brought my little pup a water bowl while we enjoyed our meal .
1	so whatever they suggest i recommend ordering one spice level down .
1	the food and service is consistently fabulous .
1	thank you donna !
1	creative nail design is the products used and everyone is talented !
1	wonderful place for nails .
1	she also does great hair extensions !
1	the salon is clean and very cute .
1	i would return and definitely recommend to others !
1	what a charming salon !
1	she is just a gem !
1	i 'd have to say that she is a true artist !
1	check it out if you 're in the neighborhood .
1	that 's a rare find in a business .
1	many thanks !
1	check out the pictures and you 'll know what i mean .
1	always fresh and have never had any problems .
1	friendly and helpful staff .
1	great place !
1	what an outstanding mens store .
1	love this place , they have a new loyal customer .
1	thanks for taking great care of me , see you soon !
1	such a wonderful establishment .
1	will definitely go again !
1	best breakfast burritos in scottsdale !
1	i could eat these all day .
1	you get what you pay for as they 're stuffed full of delicious ingredients .
1	thanks joe !
1	great service .
1	nice place to stop by before heading to the clubs .
1	which is kinda a good thing .
1	the selection of beer is decent and the staff friendly .
1	in old town it 's very well priced !
1	hidden away close to old town is this peaceful and clean park .
1	great place .
1	cool digs !
0	the food was exceptional and our guests enjoyed the menu immensely .
1	such a great guy who is super nice .
1	they are different every week i think so there 's a good variety .
1	the owner is so friendly and remembers us every time .
1	good prices , friendly staff and super convenient !
1	i highly recommend !
1	this is a tiny , independent establishment ... and i loved it .
1	what an imaginative menu !
1	highly recommended !
1	great physician that listens to your concerns .
1	i highly recommend dr. sullivan !
1	extremely attentive and genuinely a good person .
1	he 's very down-to-earth and real .
1	dr sullivan is very patient and takes all the time you need .
1	a great doctor that is always getting me throw my small medical issues ... .
1	i love my new haircut and will definitely be going back in the future .
1	thank you !
1	i also use full service if i need the interior cleaned too .
1	good service , fair prices .
1	great job everytime i come here .
1	not the cadillac of car washes but great for a quick run through .
1	awesome .
1	awesome place .
1	i also like the fact that they have a drive-thru .
1	i love their teriyaki rice bowls .
1	great stuff !
1	the bento boxes are absolutely the way to go .
1	very nice for a fast food joint .
1	best fast food japanese in arizona - period .
1	tokyo express has my favorite food on earth .
1	the best part : it 's a drive thru !
0	we got home to find out how delicious everything was !
1	all was good and i plan on going back .
1	tried them for the first time and i will be a regular .
1	fast service and courteous .
1	great food .
1	many days you will see the owner .
1	but this place is so legit !
1	wonderful reception from kayla .
1	have just done the walk through of my new apartment and it 's fantastic .
1	excellent customer service !
1	i can tell the unit is very well maintained .
1	office staff is friendly and the neighbors are great .
1	do i recommend this place , yes !
1	this place is clean , well built , maintain .
1	this place is worth a look !
1	the pricing is great , and the staff is better .
1	semi quiet .
1	and the guys at the front office are always nice and helpfull .
1	having the staff be truly helpful and friendly really makes a big difference !
0	my family who was with me all agreed !
1	a great place to go before the movies .
0	all _num_ of us thoroughly enjoyed all of the dishes .
0	we were seated right on time and were treated very well .
1	service excellent .
0	still , enjoyed the food .
1	so it 's a chain .
1	this is definitely a _num_ star restaurant .
1	everything about is terrific .
1	happy hour rocks - the food and drink menu 's get better and better .
1	consistently great service , food , and atmosphere !
1	not bad right ?
1	you get a soup , appetizer , two entree and dessert .
1	a good place to get some warm supper .
1	the service is always good and the food is consistent .
1	the food is really reasonable and they give you good portions .
1	it 's a great deal .
1	just keep it simple .
1	which is good value .
1	would def go back ; great spot !
1	he 's incredibly friendly and very attentive , he also makes great recommendations .
1	typical p f changs quality food and good service .
1	i recommend this place for the food and service .
1	i appreciate the kindness you have showed today !
1	great service.
1	well spent .
1	very easy to order online and to pick it up .
1	the best happy hour menu & happy hour drinks .
1	highly recommended !
1	they 're good and consistently so .
1	great food as always .
1	great place to go !
1	we will definitely be coming here again !
1	so delicious very time i visit .
1	my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
1	i would highly recommend !
1	thanks again !
1	i highly recommend this branch to anyone who wants to buy jewelry .
1	look for barbara ... she 's awesome !
1	would recommend mark to anyone looking for a quality cut .
1	she is very smart and a total perfectionist .
1	i love my cut , have been going for years .
0	she gave me the perfect cut !
1	great haircut , the best i 've had in years .
1	she has great style and i trust her completely .
1	i have never been so happy with both my cut and color before .
1	angela is fantastic .
1	i have also got some nice jewelry and shoes during this sale .
1	it is a maze .
1	this dillard 's location is very nice .
1	i would recommend it when shopping at scottsdale fashion square .
1	this is my favorite store !
0	best clearance sales when coordinated with a dillard 's card .
1	it is spacious and well organized .
1	best dillard 's i have ever been to !
1	we still are talking about all the fun we had there .
1	stellar service and i will definitely look for her help next time i come .
1	seriously the best cut and style of my life .
1	suzanne is amazing !
1	she also has an amazing personality !
1	she is the best !
1	she listens to what i want and does it ; simple as that .
1	pampering day with my sister was a success .
1	the place is simply adorable .
1	i 'd trust her with my hair anytime !
1	ashley wright is a fantastic hairstylist !
1	still love coming here for the great services !
0	she was on time and very friendly .
1	i 've already recommended a friend to go here and with gina !
0	i finally found a new go to hair stylist !
1	thank you !
1	my regular salon for hair and nails !
1	i love this place .
1	thanks henry !
1	girl !
1	love it and you will too !
1	perfect location in old town scottsdale .
0	they were both very friendly and did a great job !
1	it brings back a lot of memories of christmas growing up .
1	this is a family restaurant .
1	absolutely incredible meal , and very friendly service .
1	decent wine selection , tasty desserts and a fun atmosphere .
1	for a chain i really like this place .
1	the atmosphere is very casual , and the food is consistently delicious .
1	wise up .
1	buca is fun for a chain .
1	their eggplant parm rocks , as does their cesar salad .
1	but if chain suits your fancy buca is pretty cool .
1	i love this location ( besides the construction going on around downtown scottsdale !
1	lovely atmosphere .
1	all in all a great place for some comfort food .
1	i highly recommend checking out their menu for a meal to go !
1	thank you for making our evening so special !
0	went here for sisters birthday last wednesday and we all had a great time !
1	then buca is for you !
1	there is a real family feel here !
1	i certainly recommend this restaurant !
1	sometimes we come with a large group , and that 's always fun too .
1	reservations are good for large groups , of course .
1	great find !
1	i came here to celebrate my birthday and the song is the best !
1	which is amazing for a chain restaurant !
1	excellent chain .
1	excellent management .
1	great food .
1	highly recommend .
1	i recommend it highly .
0	we all left extremely full and satisfied .
1	easily some of the best italian food i 've had .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	always a good choice !
1	phenomenal !
1	the shrimp alfredo is fantastic !
0	super friendly and educated on all the menu items !
1	a great place for friends to get together .
1	dr. marks is a one man practice .
1	i love this place , the prices are reasonable for the sizes .
1	they also maintain the property well .
1	highly recommend .
1	love it !
1	great sports bar in old town .
1	good vibe , interesting mix of people .
1	probably one of the best selections in old town .
1	friendly staff and good times !
1	there is lots of different types of draft beer and the service is excellent .
1	even at this time of year the food is great .
1	their queso dip is excellent !
1	the staff are friendly and attentive .
1	the food portions are enormous .
1	great bar during spring training .
1	the atmosphere is fun and the bartenders rock !
1	good food , great price , good location !
1	patio seating or inside with nice big windows all around .
0	great dive bar tucked in scottsdale .
1	everything seems fresh enough .
1	but it 's still one my go to places for watching games !
1	they provide great customer service .
1	very nice atmosphere inside .
1	the prices are very reasonable , especially for this area .
1	ny giants meet up place to watch games during football season .
1	good food and affordable drinks and a decent amount of tvs .
1	service is unbelievably good here .
1	best food and best service .
1	love this place .
1	it is quiet and intimate , a great menu and food .
0	naan was fresh baked and delicious and was great mixed with saag paneer .
1	great atmosphere , great service , and outstanding food .
1	if you 're looking for amazing , authentic indian cuisine , this is it !
1	their food is just more flavorful and more carefully prepared than anywhere else .
1	i 'm still in heaven .
1	nice atmosphere !
1	great helpful server !
1	excellent food !
1	the lamb korma is great , the chicken masala great as well .
1	all in all , wonderful indian food !
1	one of the best north indian restaurants in arizona .
1	my favorite indian food restaurant .
1	vegetable korma is the best i 've had in phoenix .
1	we just love this place .
1	the location is great .
1	simply , jewel of the crown is best .
1	excellent food !
1	travel all around the world and know indian food well .
1	great experience overall !
0	it was great -- every dish had its own distinctive flavor .
1	will be back !
1	nice decor inside , and nice outside in cooler weather .
1	good beer selection .
1	heck , i order the mango lassi for myself it 's so good !
1	it will be just as good as it was in the restaurant .
1	the girl working there was super nice and accommodating .
1	also , the food was amazing !
1	love this place and we will go back !
1	this is the best indian food place i have ever been .
1	elaine , my dental hygienist , is awesome !
1	the entire team is fantastic .
1	terri runs the office like a finely tuned machine ... she is great !
1	8:30 am apt for new crown , thanks to the holidays !
1	everyone who works there besides this nail tech is amazing at everything they do !
1	they kept things moving and on time during my visit .
1	highly recommend him !
1	he is friendly , outgoing , and extremely professional .
1	great staff !
1	highly recommend him !
1	absolutely recommend him to everyone .
1	wow !
1	already have sent my daughter there , will continue to recommend to everyone !
1	lovely people who care about patients and are not out for a cash grab .
1	the receptionist is also super nice and professional .
1	you da best dr. k !
1	the happy hour goes till _num_ , and yummy appetizers are all half price .
1	great place to start the night out !
1	it has a south pacific theme .
1	over all a great bar .
1	the food is excellent and the drinks are amazing !
1	it also has a really nice patio .
1	it 's not too wild and has a good people watching vibe .
1	the sandwiches are really good , and the asian bowls are as well good .
0	absolutely delicious , and it was only $ _num_ or somewhere in that neighborhood .
1	i love the layout .
0	it made my day !
1	the doctor here is so nice and sweet and very informative .
1	highly recommended !
1	i immediately felt comfortable and will be coming back .
0	i was very impressed with this branch .
1	amber and kate are wonderful staff members .
0	family owned business .
1	thank you !
1	great place !
1	great nail techs , relaxing environment .
1	my perfect escape for the day ... .
1	stephanie is the best !
1	entire staff is fun and welcoming .
1	love this place !
1	but other than that , i would definitely recommend this place !
1	my nails have been perfect for a week now and still look amazing !
1	i will definitely be going back to get a fill and pedi soon !
1	thank you tina and see you in a couple weeks !
1	any absolutely wonderful experience .
0	tina did a wonderful job gel manicure and deluxe pedicure .
0	the employees were nice and clean and the price was right .
1	i absolutely recommend her !
1	great little place !
1	extremely clean , very professional .
1	this is my second time here and i 've enjoyed both visits a lot .
1	there is new management that has been extremely friendly and responsive .
1	the inside is extremely nice compared to the other apartments in this price range .
1	more importantly , the location is the best in all of scottsdale .
1	i 'm continually impressed when there is an issue , it gets fixed .
0	i always had great fresh pizza , served by friendly folks .
0	the pizza was perfectly cooked , with a generous amount of toppings .
0	she made us feel welcome and provided excellent service throughout the meal .
1	alright price .
1	definitely going back !
1	when is it a good time to have free pizza .
1	they are made fresh every weekend .
1	good pizza .
0	it was hot , correctly prepared , and tasty .
1	great pizza , salads , and subs .
1	the covered parking next door is certainly an added bonus in the summer .
1	his staff have always been pleasant and easy to work with .
1	staff was helpful and chatty , which is always nice !
1	this agency rocks !
1	i enjoyed working with him and would recommend this agency to any client .
0	got a cut and color and conditioning treatment .
1	my hair looks beautiful .
0	the upstairs had a small dance club and the dj was pretty good .
0	i had fun .
1	thoroughly enjoyable .
1	this is one place in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable .
1	needless to say i will be back on many more sundays to come !
1	a little tight but fun with good acoustics .
1	thanks for the good times and supporting a great cause !
0	if found , please return .
1	good drinks .
0	they were great !
0	i loved loved loved the fact that it want hot .
1	overall one of the best places around .
1	they have a club section , outside bar , tables and upstairs open patio .
1	great place for everyone !
1	i loved that you could dance and not sweat to death .
1	it 's quite a setup with the stage and great acoustics .
1	so ... ya , theres something for everyone .
1	good stage and bands .
1	love that there 's no dress code !
1	definitely one of the best sushi joints in town .
1	worth it .
1	i love this place .
1	we love this place !
1	great lunch specials during the week as well , this place has it all .
1	close to home and i love trying new places .
1	the ice cream is a nice ending to your meal too .
1	the service is wonderful here !
1	five stars for those amazing tottie rolls !
1	great lunch specials !
1	overall , love this place .
1	huge menu , great food .
1	is it the best thai ?
1	is it the best chinese ?
1	is it the best vietnamese ?
1	i will be back !
1	the atmosphere is much more elegant inside than it seemed from the outside .
1	definitely a reasonable price too .
0	the food was tasty and good portion .
1	the portions are good and the food is consistently delicious .
1	and the mango ice cream is a good way to end the meal .
1	this place is so flavorful with fresh veggies and fresh herbs .
0	reasonable price , had a great red curry !
1	the lunch special comes with soup and an egg roll .
1	the ambiance is nice .
0	our waiter was nice and attentive .
1	what a great lunch !
1	some of the best panang curry that i have had in the valley !
1	love this place great thai curry !
0	scenery was nice and the staff was friendly .
1	love tottie 's !
1	i ca n't recommend it enough .
1	lunch specials are amazing .
1	either way , we 'll definitely go back !
1	excellent food !
1	my favs are a lot of their spicy sauces and curries .
1	experience enjoyable .
1	i think this food is phenomenal .
1	fast and courteous service .
1	perfect temperature food and drinks .
1	great prices .
1	the atmosphere is very nice , charming decor and interesting paintings on the wall .
1	will definitly frequent this place .
1	thank you !
1	great place for all your favorite kinds of asian food .
1	overall good food and huge portions .
1	tottie and her staff always makes you feel welcome .
1	trust me , its perfection .
1	this place is my favorite asian restaurant .
1	food is outstanding and portion sizes are large .
1	love this place , great thai food .
1	everything was amazing except the pad thai .
1	other than that , service was good and waiters are friendly .
1	the egg drop soup is the best i have ever had .
1	she laughed on the phone hearing a white boy order something so spicy .
1	a little bit on the pricey side but i love this place !
1	i could eat this everyday !
1	awesome !
0	we thoroughly enjoyed our lunch and stayed for almost and hour .
1	great presentation and flavor , all around .
0	the service was prompt and accurate .
1	this place is great .
1	thai , vietnamese , and chinese all mixed into one ... mmm mmm good !
1	the food incredible -- we will now be regulars .
1	that is the definition of excellent customer service .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone !
1	all exceptional .
0	service was amazing and quick .
1	this place is consistent when it comes to quality .
1	we 'll definitely be back !
0	i was extremely pleasantly surprised .
0	the flavor was delicious .
1	she deserves a raise for her hard work !
1	this is a great place to eat .
1	it 's still a solid choice for asian food .
1	i also love the super thin noodles they use .
1	the restaurant is also very clean .
1	the chicken panang curry is amazing .
1	best curry i 've had since i 've been in az .
1	i found tottie 's by doing a search for best asian food in scottsdale .
1	this place is spectacular .
0	i loved this place .
1	great place !
1	loved the chicken thai pad plate lots of flavor mmm ... .
1	thanks doug !
1	we 'll see you all again soon .
1	usually very good for thai .
1	the perfect local spot for a great meal .
1	love everything about the thomas location .
1	great wait staff .
1	everyone is very friendly .
1	it 's roomy & clean .
0	we ordered the tempura spring roll which was excellent and we both really enjoyed .
1	tottie 's is great if you are looking for some variety in your menu .
1	my favorite is the beef and broccoli .
1	we 've always had wonderful dishes .
1	the interior is nice and the artwork is lovely .
1	service is always delightful !
1	i am a fan !
1	the space is sleek , yet cozy .
1	best wine store here in the valley .
1	i love love love the clothes there !
1	best jeans shop in town , local owned and great folks !
1	great selection , great brands & great staff !
1	saving me money is a quick and easy way to win me over !
1	keep up the good work !
1	great , sleepy little staples .
1	very friendly staff and a curious amount of items on sale and bare shelf .
1	friendly staff , great product , open early !
1	this dunkin donuts is the best in the valley !
1	coffee is always awesome & gabe the manager is always there with a smile .
1	great place great people .
1	the coffee is awesome .
1	always make my coffee perfect and never run out of donuts .
1	it 's my morning spot everyday !
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	great place- this is my preferred dunkin location when i 'm craving a donut .
1	oh , yes , and the chocolate here is amazing !
0	lauren stepped up to the plate and made my visit worthwhile .
0	i purchased a variety of chocolate treats and they were delicious .
1	they look beautiful !
1	hugo boss is one of my favorite brands .
0	highly recommended .
1	more importantly , my bf is pleased as well !
1	this alteration place is fantastic !
0	my alterations took _num_ weeks but it was well worth the wait !
1	i will go back to them and tell people to go there too !
1	consistently great work !
1	thank you fifth ave !
1	great ma and pa shop .
1	will definitely go here again .
1	they fixed my bridesmaid dress fast and it fits wonderfully now .
1	i could tell right away that he takes great pride in doing good work .
1	i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
1	good quality food .
1	its so yummy !
1	the food is very good , and the service was great .
1	very friendly and help you with your design .
1	immaculate and well put together .
1	live the service and quality of products .
0	the customer service was also amazing ; diane went above and beyond .
1	the staff is knowledgeable and friendly .
1	excellent repair work -- amazing customer service .
1	i am very happy with the end product .
1	we always recommend it to our visitors .
1	thank you , well worth it !
1	what a great surprise !
1	i will definitely be back .
1	great all around .
1	grey power lunch at the carlsbad .
1	great `` oasis '' spot .
1	great service .
1	so true !
1	but odd in a good way .
1	also a great place for first date .
1	yes , it 's that good !
1	the fireplace which is outside smells great in the winter months !
1	this place is one of our favorites .
1	the inside is fairly lame , but the patio is perfect .
0	the service was wonderful and quick too .
1	an incredible place .
0	salad was wonderful with the house jalapeno ranch dressing .
0	i had a great chardonnay and a great time .
1	also very good .
1	so good !
1	they have the best margaritas !
1	they make their own mix and its not sweet !
1	check it out !
1	great atmospher for scottsdale totally chill , no heels needed !
1	my wife and i love this place .
1	the food is great here and the portions huge .
1	they have good american fare and some good green chile .
1	lots of great food and drinks to go around .
1	the atmosphere is ok and they have a great patio .
0	the bartenders and servers were really friendly as well .
0	the second best part was the pomegranate margarita .
1	i am hooked !
1	anyways , great atmosphere , friendly staff and really good food .
1	carlsbad tavern is my favorite mexican restaurant .
1	great service .
1	fun atmosphere .
1	kid friendly .
0	my husband loved his fish taco salad .
1	great food , huge portions .
1	great menu , great beer selection and nice service .
1	this place is a true gem .
1	the ambience is nifty and the food is delicious .
1	the drinks are also really good .
1	if you want something beyond the traditional enchilada or burrito , they got it .
1	they have an excellent happy hour as well .
1	yum yum !
1	great place for some new mexican style food !
0	stopped in for a bite to eat and loved it .
0	i had the ny carne asada plate and it was delicious .
1	love this place and have for several years .
1	nice people , great service , great food , strong drinks ... .
1	carlsbad , i love you .
0	the habanero burger was great and as hot and spicy as promised !
1	will definitely be there again !
1	recommend anything with the green chile sauce .
1	love this place !
1	i enjoy this place a lot and they have a great late night menu .
1	amazing food , excellent service and a beautiful atmosphere .
1	we will definitely return !
1	do n't get me wrong , we love this place for sure .
1	good variety of delicious food .
1	i seriously love me some carlsbad !
1	it 's fantastically salty , sweet and savory .
1	its awesome but beware !
1	they have a gorgeous patio and open till 2:00 am !
1	it 's painfully spicy yet delicious .
1	we will go back and get it again !
1	love it !
1	they have great chips and salsa and nachos too .
1	it 's definitely different then anything you 've ever had .
1	great that they are open late on weeknight .
1	expensive , but good .
1	bring friends , drink a lot , and have a good time .
1	the hostess and bartender are usually very personable and helpful .
1	i would recommend giving it a try !
0	this place was such a wonderful experience .
0	loved the food- great salsa !
1	outdoor seating is a must here .
1	love this place !
1	it is a great little find .
0	servings are well sized , and typically come with rice and beans .
1	keep up the good work !
1	this place is great !
1	pretty good steak .
1	great decor !
0	the staff was friendly and helpful .
1	good margaritas , good chips and salsa .
1	great food too !
1	love this local restaurant/bar .
1	anything with their green chili is amazing .
1	the jalapeo mashed potatoes are delicious .
1	the patio is great for both warm summer nights and chilly winter evenings .
1	great green chile , nice atmosphere , good patio and well stocked bar .
1	good value and pleasant experience .
1	i recommend this place .
1	nice patio .
1	price is right .
1	great food .
1	great atmosphere .
1	most everything is in the spicy side so beware .
1	happy hour prices are great !
1	tasty nachos .
1	great margs and good selection of beers .
1	very friendly service .
1	nice restaurant , casual place .
1	this is a great place that always serves up delicious food and drinks .
1	the new mexican pot stickers are very excellent and well worth trying .
1	i would say more , but honestly just go there and see for yourself .
1	great late night menu !
1	yes please !
0	loved it .
1	but such a fun find .
1	what a great choice to start the trip .
1	excellent service and picks from the menu .
0	i tried the habanero sliders which really delivered the heat and flavor .
0	the service was excellent and friendly .
1	good eats and drinks for happy hour , love the atmosphere !
1	so so good !
1	loved the patio dining ambiance !
1	also , great service !
1	the huge water feature adds a very romantic aspect to this tavern .
1	i say go and enjoy this place !
1	excellent service !
1	will be back !
1	oh and i must recommend the cowboy meatloaf .
1	super good and worth every penny .
1	my favorite mexican restaurant .
1	i love the carne asada and i love the beans .
1	i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .
0	everything else was great .
1	very flavorful .
1	love the burger and mango margarita .
1	osso bucco is great .
1	great patio when the weather is nice .
1	easily the best `` mexican '' food i 've ever had .
0	our service was excellent and pleasant .
1	great restaurant for the price and amount of food .
1	i will be going back !
1	outside setup is pretty cool in the night time .
0	food was a great temperature and flavor was well above par .
1	amazing food , amazing service , and amazing atmosphere !
1	the food is very spicy and well prepared .
0	our service was good .
1	service is friendly .
1	service is excellent , too .
1	great margaritas and the carne adovada plate is amazing !
1	just make sure you like food a little spicy : ) .
1	great find !
1	a south scottsdale classic .
1	fun building to be in and great , fresh mexican food .
1	i ate some of his fries and they were very tasty .
1	we would recommend it and will definitely go back .
0	we absolutely loved carlsbad tavern !
0	loved my meal here !
1	they have a ton of spicy food selections that i love .
1	well worth a visit , and overall _num_ stars .
1	this is my favorite neighborhood restaurant .
1	great food , big portions and nice price .
0	everything was fantastic , service was great , and the atmosphere is fun .
1	spicy mexican for him and amazing seafood or a great salad for me .
1	excellent service and food .
0	the food was awesome and service was spectacular as well !
0	the rice and beans accompaniment were also great .
1	the tacos and crab cake are my favorites .
1	their happy hour pricing is the best in the area !
1	amazing atmosphere and even better food !
1	oh yeah and service is pretty good too .
1	overall decent place to grab dinner .
1	i love this place .
1	such a nice great cozy atmosphere .
1	great restaurant !
1	ambience is amazing , food & drinks great .
1	check it out if you 're in town !
1	the atmosphere is excellent .
1	it is the neighborhood spot , and the food is terrific .
1	it offers a little bit of everything .
1	i love the atmosphere and the staff .
1	great place for happy hour with an awesome patio !
1	i really recommend this place if you like spicy food .
1	omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !
1	pretty good !
1	this place has a very interesting setting and a really wonderful patio .
1	both feature ingredients native to the southwest .
0	but it was wonderful .
0	the ambiance was great !
1	the margaritas are always good .
1	the service is pretty good too .
1	the best new mexican food in the valley !
1	like it spicy , this is the place for you .
1	all the staff is very friendly especially the hostess carrie !
1	great service for our group of _num_ .
1	chips and salsa are great !
1	great food , great atmosphere and great staff !
1	well worth it .
1	great food , especially the burgers .
1	always fantastic service and great people !
1	what a fun place !
1	your the best !
1	fun times !
1	try the new mexican potstickers , they are the best !
1	best place for food after _num_ .
1	it is awesome .
1	best food and service around !
0	people were friendly and atmosphere was great .
0	drinks from the bar were well made .
0	i have also had the tacos , they were spicy but pretty tasty .
1	the food is always great and the service is spot on .
1	i especially enjoy eating on the patio when good weather allows .
1	the food here is fantastic and they have large portions .
1	really nice patio with attentive service .
1	i just love the fairly authentic new mexican food !
1	place is super cool !
1	worth checking out for sure if you like hot food !
1	this place has a great twist to mexican food !
1	the food is spicy and very unique .
1	the food is delicious and unique and the staff is always awesome .
1	they have a great cherry mule as well .
0	i just had the most amazing new mexico styled dinner at carlsbad tavern .
1	this place is excellent new mexican cuisine !
1	this is a great place to take your family .
1	it is reasonably priced , good southwest food and has a really nice atmosphere .
0	she was spot on as they were delicious .
0	it was so good !
1	their patio is awesome , very soothing atmosphere with a nice waterfall .
1	very good .
1	i recommend the pork plate ( i forget what it 's called ) .
1	great service and open late !
1	great food , fantastic ambience and great staff .
1	very unique decor beautiful patio fantastic food and great service !
1	the dinner menu is awesome with a chef 's feature nightly .
1	i love this place !
1	the food is always amazing and hot .
1	food is excellent with just the right amount of spice .
1	the atmosphere is fun and casual .
0	i enjoyed the meatloaf and mixed veggies .
0	we ordered the chicken nachos and jalapeno sliders ... both were delicious .
1	the blue corn enchiladas are delicious and the carne asada was perfect .
1	this will be my new spot for comfort food and good service .
1	keep up the good work !
1	what a amazing place with a romantic patio outside with a waterfall .
0	they were both outstanding dishes with great flavor and seasoning .
1	try it you 'll like it .
1	they offer some interesting cocktails - i enjoyed the prickly pear rita myself .
1	great waterfall feature on the patio .
1	do yourself a favor and make sure to try their food !
0	the prickly pear margarita was delicious !
1	what a neat place !
1	very unique decor and really cool outdoor dining area .
0	the food was very good and the margaritas were excellent !
1	we will definitely go back !
1	ct has a great bar , great food , and friendly service .
1	ct has great happy hour specials , too .
0	the lady that helped was nice , helpful , and patient .
1	always a good experience .
1	the employees at this ben bridge location are always so nice .
1	i love their star design collection .
1	everything is so stylish , so beautiful , so incredible .
1	with fries and/or onion rings , this is the perfect hangover meal .
1	big fan !
1	the best onion rings .
1	nice patio ( i think they even made a smoking section ) .
1	it will be a good afternoon .
1	patio is cool , had tv 's .
1	fills up on big game days .
1	great service all of the time .
1	good food and great happy hour deals .
1	i also love their focaccia sandwiches , wings , and chicken fingers .
1	appreciated having such healthy and tasty options !
1	awesome tacos .
1	great place to watch a game .
1	they 're worth it .
1	the burgers are great .
1	i know it sounds simple but their chicken fingers are the best .
1	i go here often with friends for beers , burgers , and sports .
1	happy hour changes by day , but it 's everyday !
1	good crowd and speedy service !
1	great wings - a great place to go to watch a game .
1	i 'm sure i 'll go back !
1	it 's sweet , spicy , and comes out hot .
1	okay , it 's also a cool place to grab drinks with friends .
0	and when the patio isnt packed its a good spot to hang at .
1	i luv zipps for happy hour !
1	keep up the good work zipps !
1	the food is great as well .
1	no complaints here - zipps is the best !
1	food and drinks of sports bar caliber .
1	thank you for great service zipps keep it up .
1	even the guacamole is amazing .
1	golden medium wings !
1	zipps , baby !
0	moderately priced and great service !
1	food is good and the wings in particular .
1	its cool , very cozy for a date too and central scottsdale .
1	bomb is great , superb !
1	great happy hour .
1	awesome happy hour .
1	i love this place .
1	focaccia rolls are another favorite , especially the buffalo chicken one .
1	great little sports bar just a couple blocks away .
1	love zipps , it 's a scottsdale institution .
1	we love zipps !
1	love love love the outdoor seating !
1	very nice tv 's and atmosphere .
1	awesome attentive service .
0	several people got the fish tacos which also looked really good .
0	we all had a great time and really enjoyed our experience .
1	there prices are great .
1	especially during their happy hour !
1	they have very nice wings , and a very cheap pool table .
1	nice patio to sit .
1	service is fast .
1	this is our spot for sport watching in the hood .
1	the people watching is the best since the location is right off camelback .
1	the wait staff is amazing .
1	great sports bar with amazing food .
1	good food , especially for the price .
1	love this place , great happy hour and wings are yummy .
1	pretty cool place .
1	courtney is a fantastic bartender !
1	this place is definitely a sports bar through and through .
1	hands down service is great .
1	everyone is always so nice there and helpful .
1	thank u for dinner zipps !
1	wonderful store !
1	wonderful owners !
1	very helpful and can even create what you want .
1	i highly recommend marina 's jewelry .
1	this establishment is family owned , into its third generation , i believe .
1	it was a wonderful , very personal experience i will never forget .
1	great steaks , potatos au gratin and creamed spinach .
1	great place to go with your buddies after a day of golf .
1	my favorite restaurant .
1	you always know what you are going to get .
1	the restaurant has a dark , classy , old-school feel .
1	but , yeah .
1	my favorite restaurant in the entire world .
1	its good here .
1	this is a classy steak house with an expansive menu .
1	amazing !
1	if you love spring training baseball , this is the place to go .
1	the prices are more than reasonable for a big , juicy hamburger .
0	it was fun , and the food was pretty awesome .
1	pretty large portions , really good barbeque sauce , and good chicken .
1	the variety of side dishes and potato offerings is a perfect complement .
1	classic american steakhouse with a baseball twist !
1	i 'm from chicago and a friend recommended this place .
1	the sauce is a little sweet and a little spicy .
1	the steaks and meats are great .
1	the wedge salad is a classic steakhouse favorite and recommended .
0	service was great , food was just okay .
1	moist and tender inside .
1	excellent .
1	this place is sooooo cool !
0	she was such a great help !
1	she truly makes you feel at home at this bar .
1	the locals are extremely nice and we had some great conversations .
1	nice experience .
1	the baseball memorabilia is fantastic .
0	chopped liver and great bread to start out .
1	it 's really good with the creamy horseradish .
1	this is one of my favorite places in all of phoenix .
1	apps very good .
1	great bbq ribs and prime rib .
1	terrific baseball memorabilia everywhere you look .
0	anyways , the food was really good .
1	lots of cool sports memorabilia on the walls .
1	this place is decorated very nicely .
1	wow !
1	excellent wine .
1	service , atmosphere and just an experience .
1	perfect restaurant for any sports fan as the walls are lined with sports memorabilia .
1	chicago style steakhouse with an exceptional wait staff .
1	it does get quite loud in there as well with so many people .
0	the service was excellent and my hostess was very helpful with selecting my meal .
1	other than that , the service is great , the food is awesome .
1	great meal , awesome service .
1	love this place .
1	shelly the bartender is so awesome .
1	don and charlie 's is one of our favorite restaurants we frequent in scottsdale .
1	great blue cheese dressing .
1	don and charlie is top notch from the food to the service .
1	they also bring you bread when seated .
1	both the fillet and salmon had great flavor and we will be back .
0	food was excellent as always !
0	we went to don & charlie 's tonight and had the best time !
0	the steak was cooked to perfection and juicy as can be .
1	great baseball memorabilia throughout the restaurant and bar , very impressive .
1	a must for the sports fan !
1	service is fabulous - but make a reservation !
1	open seats in the bar are few & far between !
1	love it !
1	the chopped liver appetizer is great -- plus all the other appetizers .
1	my husband has had the chicken , prime rib and steak and all great .
1	always for a special occasion .
1	food is delicious and we always have so much fun .
0	don and charlie 's was perfect .
1	i recommend this place to anyone .
1	amazing sports memorabilia .
1	great place .
1	great pictures everywhere .
1	drinks were amazing .
1	excellent service , excellent food .
1	you are always guaranteed a fabulous meal .
1	you will love it .
1	my favorite restaurant in the country .
1	thank you for a great dining experience !
0	this place was fun for my kids .
1	amazing .
1	atmosphere wonderful !
1	wait staff is always pleasant and professional .
1	very cool memorabilia and setting .
1	in addition to a site to see a place to eat .
1	always make it a point to come here on our yearly trip .
1	love the ambiance with all the sports memorabilia everywhere .
1	worth a visit just for the baseball `` museum '' .
1	i have to say , they have the best steak in scottsdale .
1	they have great appetizers and great service .
1	this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
0	so i opted the pork chop and it was very good .
1	i highly recommend the fresh , not creamy , option .
1	cool sports memorabilia and great prime rib .
1	staff is friendly .
1	great energy in restaurant , but also intimate .
1	the food is delicious and the service is so friendly and helpful !
1	fun atmosphere , but a bit on the loud side .
1	pros : good food but just shy of great .
0	service was pretty good , no complaints .
1	the service is great , and i could spend hours looking at the memorabilia .
1	definitely worth the price !
0	the staff and service was very friendly and good .
1	i recommend it if you 're a sports fan .
1	service is great !
1	the jumbo shrimp cocktail is definitely jumbo !
0	i ordered the broasted chicken which was excellent !
1	this is my all time favorite and birthday every year restaurant .
1	they have a wonderful atmosphere !
1	i 've been here _num_ times and it 's always excellent .
0	bone-in ribeye was awesome !
1	but if you 're a sports fan , the atmosphere is terrific .
1	the food is a bit pricey , but the portions are very generous .
1	the ribs and twice baked potato are amazing .
1	everything from the service to the food is perfect .
1	the ambiance is very fun and casual with sports memorabilia everywhere .
1	great food , great environment , great service .
1	another favorite place of ours .
1	best i have ever had .
1	slaw ( deli style ) tart and sweet at the same time ... .
1	price very very reasonable .
1	great food and service .
1	the ribs are worth the trip !
1	great food , great service , great sports memorabilia .
1	if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
0	the server was very nice and patient with the kids too .
1	both were good , the bbq sauce is awesome !
1	the banana cream pie is a reason to return in itself , so delicious !
1	charlie was our server , she is outstanding !
1	so we will be back to see her and for some pie !
1	what a great place .
0	it was truly `` prime '' !
1	leah was our server , perfectly attentive without hovering .
1	great service .
1	everything was delicious and we 'll definitely be back again !
1	steak perfect ... prawns amazing .
1	cooper ... is most amazing !
1	a must for anyone who loves sports and steak !
1	the food is also top notch .
1	this is my favorite place to go whenever i 'm in scottsdale .
1	awesome !
1	kelly our waitress was amazing !
0	the prime rib was excellent .
1	the food is also amazing !
1	burgers and steaks are great .
1	good beer and wine selection .
1	excellent service .
1	what a cool restaurant .
1	very good food !
1	i will always try to eat in the bar area .
0	chopped salad & chopped liver only added to this wonderful dinner .
1	great dining experience .
1	great atmosphere and the food is amazing .
0	food was amazing and both me and my girlfriend were really impressed .
1	excellent food .
1	old school steakhouse with amazing sports memorabilia .
0	the ribs and service were excellent .
0	the atmosphere was great !
1	the happy hour from 3pm - 6pm is very excellent .
1	cool place .
1	my favorite music venue in the valley !
1	you ca n't go wrong here .
1	i love this place .
1	they have great food for being a little dive bar .
1	good prices and happy hour .
1	totally fun place to come in with a group .
1	the best bar in the valley to see live music .
1	_num_ bars in one !
1	awesome support of local music !
1	yummy food , great drinks !
1	the burgers are exceptional .
1	the outdoor volleyball area is very nice .
1	good sand .
1	really good place to spend a friday night .
0	had the philly sandwich here and was remarkably impressed for a local place .
1	the sales staff is most excellent .
0	i enjoyed my week there .
1	the staff is super helpful .
1	she 's super sweet and helpful .
1	i must say , they have an excellent staff here .
1	i love this store .
1	i 'm here a lot will return .
1	thanks to danielle for the great service and smiles .
1	great selection of designers and the employees are very helpful .
1	spent some time in the store , owner is lovely .
1	the italian food is generous if not too generous but very good .
1	the staff is very attentive and friendly .
0	been here many times and always enjoy myself .
1	also , the garlic bread is amazing .
1	first , the service is outstanding !
1	they are great !
1	the food is even better !
1	plus the place is a real value .
1	love this place ... can you veal me people !
1	can you veal the love in the air ?
1	uncle sal , you rock !
1	great ambiance .
1	authentic italian food .
1	so good !
1	however , uncle sal 's is phenomenal .
1	i have really really loved everything i have tried here .
1	the food is great .
1	we always have a nice server .
1	great deal !
1	wonderful vegetables that are not usually available elsewhere - grilled eggplant and squash .
1	the pizza is pricier than many places but worth every penny .
1	the wait staff is friendly , helpful and very attentive .
1	it 's all great and everyone who works there has been there forever !
1	love it .
1	i highly recommend this restaurant .
1	what a great neighborhood find !
0	my daughter and i had such a great time !
1	what a find !
1	i do love this place .
1	great atmosphere .
1	delicious choices .
0	i even took my parents here and they agreed with my review .
1	great place for lunch .
1	excellent service and food as always .
1	looking forward to lunch tomorrow so i can enjoy the leftovers .
1	well ... .
1	good neighborhood eating and drinking establishment .
1	in the bar , amazing affordable bar menu !
1	delicious !
1	a little pricey but the food is good so it was worth the price .
1	all in all he was wonderful and we will request him when we return .
1	dine here and request scott !
1	the prosciutto , spinach and mushrooms are a great combination .
1	the salty flavors and the sage seasoning make an excellent dish .
1	wow what a great place !
0	the food was very good .
1	we love going to uncle sal 's .
1	super friendly wait staff .
1	the food is very authentic and tastes homemade .
1	keep up the good work .
1	we 'll definitely be back !
1	my grandma takes us both here to celebrate out birthdays each year .
1	the food is superb , service is good and atmosphere is cozy .
1	beautiful dining .
1	great service , great selection of entrees and awesome atmosphere .
1	love this place .
1	love uncle sal 's !
0	my gf got the wings , and she loved them too .
1	such delicious fare at this venue !
1	i will definitely return often !
1	chicken marsala is simply delectable !
1	vegetables and house salad are always fresh and tasty !
1	nice wine selection .
1	love this little gem !
0	we also ordered a glass of pinot noir to compliment the escargot .
1	great atmosphere , cozy bar , excellent food .
1	the atmosphere is also amazing .
1	this has a great atmosphere .
1	best lunch deals !
1	the service is very good hear you can relax and feel at home !
1	you really cant beat this place .
1	the spare ribs are probably may favorite dish so far .
1	the food here is amazing .
1	great service .
1	customer service should always be foremost ... !
0	tried this local restaurant soon after moving into the neighborhood and was pleasantly surprised .
1	very tasty .
1	nice green salad comes with dinner .
1	we 'll definitely return .
1	definitely recommend .
1	service is always , always good .
1	good wine selection .
1	appetizers were excellent and very large so would need to plan the meal accordingly .
1	great service and let 's start on the food ... ... .
1	amazing !
1	great environment for a date night or family dinner .
1	a good glass of wine always goes a long way with a great meal !
1	wonderful food and service in a lovely casual setting .
1	great value .
1	great atmosphere excellent service .
1	great salad .
1	awesome entrees .
1	the garlic bread when you sit down is a nice touch .
1	the lunch portions are huge and the food is delicious .
1	service is quick and friendly always .
1	the pork chops marsala are delicious !
1	terrific local italian with all the traditional favorites ... and always some inspired specials .
1	great place for kids ... .
1	i stopped by with a few friends whom all enjoyed their meals .
1	thank you for the amazing food !
1	i love , love , love my chiropractor !
1	and that is what makes him so absolutely charming .
1	he makes you feel like your family .
1	he also gives advice on how to exercise safely .
1	he is definitely a size friendly doctor !
1	love my chiropractor !
1	i am so happy with the results .
1	they seem really friendly and are usually pretty fast .
1	excellent service , friendly staff , professional .
1	great car wash - very friendly staff .
1	great and quick service .
1	i will go back !
1	great customer service .
0	come to mama , pretty precious little drops of heaven .
1	what 's inside the package is the real treat .
1	the christmas decor this place puts up is awesome .
0	all in all i really enjoyed the coach house .
1	go early , go late , its always good .
1	great memories and they serve ice cold stella .
1	my all time favorite dive bar .
1	you know it 's a good night when your credit card receipt says so .
1	coach house is the epitome of dive , and i enjoyed it !
1	good music .
1	great , friendly staff .
1	a nice slice of dive in the middle of club town .
1	good people watching .
1	great dive bar !
1	we 'll definitely go back !
1	meet your friends here , and get ready for the fun !
1	fun , inexpensive and awesome location .
1	the crowd is a good mix too .
1	classic scottsdale dive bar .
1	definite dive bar in scottsdale , but fun all the same .
1	most diverse and interesting scene in downtown scottsdale .
1	a classic in az .
1	lots of parking and a great vibe .
1	the prices are good .
1	love this place !
1	this place is pretty awesome .
1	it 's another awesome dive and find in the old town area .
1	) .
1	very chill vibe , get your drink on and get on with your night .
1	love the christmas decorations , bartenders the best .
0	it was very cool dive bar .
1	the door men and bartenders have always been friendly to us .
0	we went on a friday night and it was packed with people !
1	best place to bring the out-of-towners .
1	i love visiting this bar during the holidays .
1	it 's great year round !
1	anybody and everybody fits it at the coach house .
1	best bar in old town .
0	the wife and i liked this place .
1	love this place !
1	the christmas decor is amazing !
1	this is a must-see place !
1	if you love the dive bar atmosphere this is the place for you .
1	the christmas decorations is just an added bonus during the holiday season !
1	let 's face it , scottsdale can be a real pain in the ass .
1	i it 's easy , and fun , and super low maintenance .
1	this place rocks .
1	best old dive in town !
1	the bartenders are great .
1	charles is great !
1	it has a great , classic vibe .
1	check it out for yourself to understand how glorious it really is !
1	a true gem in old town that most overlook .
1	always a good time here- great bar for locals & travelers .
1	the service has always been wonderful and just love the low key ambience .
1	they have an awesome happy hour !
1	this place is awesome !
1	the decor is awesome and gives the place a lot of character .
1	great beer .
1	good food .
1	thanks !
1	grab a beer and enjoy the people around you !
1	great drink specials .
1	super casual spot .
1	great cocktails , cheap drinks , fantastic staff .
0	real laid back and chill .
1	if you 're in the area id recommend you try this place .
1	there are two different bar areas , one inside and one outside .
1	enjoy this little gem as much as you can .
1	this is a great little bar in scottsdale .
1	this is certainly my type of place .
1	bartenders are attentive and the staff runs a good operation .
1	best bar around .
1	first dive bar i have truly enjoyed since moving to phoenix .
1	a true classic old town dive bar .
1	worth it !
1	nothing but happy thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
1	marshall 's service center is the best auto service center i have ever experienced .
1	the is just one amazing adventure in the everyday hero that is marshall .
1	keeping us running smoothly without rip-off is what marshall and his team does best .
1	fixes cars right .
1	they live up to the reputation -- - thorough , competent , priced fairly .
1	very happy with marshall 's and will use them again .
1	great friendly staff and completely made my day by being so quick .
1	thank all of you so very much !
1	i trust them !
1	they are really nice and i feel comfortable having my car worked here .
1	they are right in the neighborhood which a huge plus !
1	honest !
1	wonderful group of people !
1	these guys are phenomenal !
1	honest , trustworthy , consistent and just plain good people !
1	they seem very conscientious , and most important to me , honest .
1	highly recommended !
1	great for walk-ins ( which i did ) , relatively fast , terrific service .
1	and meticulous with the nails .
1	small salon with attentive , pleasant staff .
1	she does a spectacular job at fake nails with gels .
0	loved this nail salon !
1	will definitely be back .
0	i was happy with the service and pedicure .
1	this is my go to neighborhood place .
1	the ladies are super sweet !
1	i would definitely recommend !
1	yay , me !
1	their sandwich bread is amazing and their sandwiches are huge !
1	burgers and awesome french fries .
1	super nice staff !
1	fabulous burgers , great sandwiches and surprisingly good salads .
1	very pleasant staff .
1	the burgers are delicious !
1	every now and then you find a bar that knows your name .
1	and he is the man !
1	very friendly owners .
1	good bar type food and great service !
1	one of our personal favorites on the menu is the green mary lou .
1	jim is friendly and manages the bar as well as the tables .
1	truly homemade , delicious chow .
1	but it ' really big on service and excellent adult beverages .
1	great food , pleasant conversation and very reasonable .
1	always a great place to meet a character or two .
1	everything comes out hot , fresh & looks as good as it tastes !
1	great fish & chips !
1	definitely will be back !
0	got a winner on that one .
1	fun , friendly i would go back .
1	it is small and cozy and the staff is excellent .
1	great spot in the heart of old town .
1	great old though !
0	we ordered the green mary lou appetizer which was very good .
1	best cuban sandwich i 've ever had !
1	really small and cozy .
1	very friendly .
1	great soup , decent sandwiches .
1	this place is small but the drink selection and food were pretty good .
1	& hamburger special .
1	this place is amazing .
1	cute restaurant !
0	service was great !
0	everyone was so friendly .
1	i particularly recommend this place for people who are alone and want to socialize .
1	great appetizer , the green mary lou .
1	great food and great service .
1	perfect family lunch spot .
1	and the sweet potato fries are lightly breaded , just right .
1	beautiful day , very enjoyable lunch .
1	great little bar with good food .
1	excellent .
1	great little place with lots of charm and character .
0	staff was very friendly and personable , food was tasty and prices were reasonable .
0	the food and service were excellent .
0	this place was very interesting .
1	very well made and the burrito holds until the last bite .
1	absolutely delicious !
1	they add crisp bacon and green chile to their delicious shaved beef .
1	great food great service !
1	this was a very unexpectedly great place that i would recommend to anyone !
1	casual pub in old town , service has always been good and personable .
1	i absolutely love this little place !
1	if heidi is working the experience is even better !
1	she 's a superstar deluxe !
0	service was some of the best that we have ever had .
1	small little place but it was amazing .
1	the staff are so friendly and the service was amazing .
0	highly recommended .
0	all of it was excellent .
1	it works really well will definitely return .
1	very very good food !
1	great homemade fries !
1	the people who work there are exceedingly nice and helpful .
1	ben and the staff at sun devil are fantastic !
1	thanks again for all your hard work .
1	will be going back here for all our team needs .
1	brad is who we work with and always goes above and beyond .
0	i really liked this place .
0	it was truly awesome and so much fun .
1	awesome music .
1	a favorite of me and my boyfriend .
1	great dinner show some nights of the week .
0	the food was really exceptional .
1	cheer up people .
0	the food was fabulous and abundant .
1	worth a try .
1	we love love loved the food .
0	we enjoyed the home-style atmosphere .
1	lovely , wonderful man who takes great pride in his heritage and food .
1	music is great !
0	she was phenomenal .
1	well , that 's the last night that this restaurant will be opened .
1	this place is tiny !
1	yup , good place .
1	excellent little dive bar .
1	they have the best juke box in town , though .
1	the drinks are cheap , the service is good .
1	the beer selection is still exceptional .
1	i 'm in love with this bar .
1	it 's the perfect neighborhood bar .
1	they actually have good beer on tap , or available in cans and bottles .
1	best bar in az period .
1	i 'm new to this side of town .
1	i went here last friday night and it is a very solid bar !
1	the place is awesome .
1	love that its a dive !
1	the place is laid back with some awesome beers .
1	they have lots of beer and the bartenders are cool .
1	simply the best dive bar in valley .
1	it 's a really great dive bar .
1	best dive bar in scottsdale .
0	it felt nice to walk into a dive bar to watch the show .
1	great dive bar !
1	pretty solid dive bar .
1	the people that come are friendly as is the staff .
1	best hole in the wall there could be !
1	it is a little divey but that charm attracts only the best crowds .
1	great service .
1	great times .
1	hot waitresses !
1	gets packed during happy hour , and on weekends after 9pm .
1	the sushi is consistently good , above average good .
1	good specialty rolls .
1	good basic sushi .
1	i give ra _num_ stars mainly because i had a great time there .
1	we are huge fans of their reverse happy hour on sundays .
1	anyway , the sushi is very good and the price is reasonable .
1	awesome place to chill out .
1	lots of eye candy !
1	highly recommend you sit outside and dine with the locals .
1	great ambiance thought .
1	the specialty rolls are really unique and tasty .
1	i 'll definitely go back here again .
1	take advantage of their happy hour , good specials !
1	the drink and food specials were amazing .
1	this place has great service most of the time .
1	happy hour is the only time to go .
0	had dinner last night at ra in scottsdale and was very pleased .
1	great sushi .
1	great beer .
1	great prices .
1	good sushi and hot appetizers .
1	excellent happy hour !
1	pretty good service .
0	it was always so much fun and the staff was always so friendly .
1	great food and the hottest hostesses in all of scottsdale .
1	the happy hour is great .
1	i think this still has my favorite sushi in the valley .
1	great atmosphere and crowd .
0	we loved it !
1	we will go back on our next trip for sure !
1	sushi here was good and they have a large selection of roll types .
1	the lobster spring rolls are delicious !
1	overall , this is a good stop while walking about downtown scottsdale .
1	i also recommend the crispy spicy tuna and seared tuna .
0	liked this place !
1	amazing !
1	overall , very satisfied with ra .
1	very likely we will be visiting this place again in the near future !
1	the sushi here kicks ass !
1	next time i 'm in old town , i 'm definitely coming back !
1	ra has a great happy hour !
1	the vibe and service is just okay .
1	fun atmosphere .
1	oh my gosh it 's a party in your mouth !
0	i had a great time and enjoyed the food .
0	went here on a recommendation from a good friend while on a business trip .
1	it was amazing !
1	i will definitely be coming back next time i 'm in town !
1	i love this place !
1	will definitely come again .
1	great drinks .
1	great seating !
1	fresh air .
1	making new friends .
1	i absolutely love the crispy spicy tuna - ca n't get enough of it !
1	i would recommend sitting outside on a nice day .
1	definitely one of my local favorites .
1	so good !
1	along with the slightly bland miso soup , i was happy with the meal .
1	give it a try !
1	the fish is very buttery and fresh .
0	i ordered a lemon drop and it was super good .
1	we 'll certainly be back !
1	great overall though .
1	much better ra .
1	this has been a great place for me .
1	i have enjoyed the drinks , the service and the food .
1	presentation has always been good .
1	like the lighting and feel of this place at night .
1	favorite spot is seated at the sushi bar at the back of the restaurant .
1	i would recommend this place to others .
1	the patio is very fun .
1	service is great !
1	great sushi .
1	great for corporate lunches , or a fun date , or girls night !
1	i love this place .
1	service is great .
1	plus they have really good happy hour .
1	amazing pineapple shrimp salad and avocado roll .
0	the garlic edamame was really good .
0	i am surprised at how different my experience was now !
1	will definitely be going back again !
0	we finally found our az sushi heaven .
1	the chili shrimp roll is phenomenal .
1	but they come with _num_ & great for the table .
0	our waiter ( did n't catch his name ) was super attentive & nice !
1	i love ra !
1	absolutely delightful !
0	all were delicious with creative flavor combinations that worked well together .
0	had so much sushi and it was all really good .
1	great alternative to a sports bar .
1	best sushi i 've ever had !
1	everything taste so fresh .
1	great happy hour pricing and great place for a bday party .
1	the happy hour prices are among the best in old town .
1	best sushi i 've found in the desert .
0	the salmon was fantastic .
0	the unagi was fantastic .
1	my wife and i love this place .
1	it 's our favorite sushi .
1	lunch is a really good deal too .
1	the price and the quality is excellent .
1	when going for lunch the service is usually pretty good .
1	this place is great for lunch .
1	it 's a great way to get your night started .
1	yeah , you read that right ... $ _num_ .
1	good to see you again ! ''
1	big , cold , japanese beer , fresh sushi , great prices .
1	kyoto is now one of my favorite restaurants .
1	i will definitely be coming back .
1	seriously , they 're good , and under _num_ bucks .
1	serious value !
1	either way it is always good .
1	this is a much better culinary experience by far .
1	still one of my favorite places for sushi and sake .
1	everything is inexpensive and the atmosphere is fun .
1	good quality for the price .
1	point break roll - awesome !
1	i recommend this for a couple on a date , or a small group .
1	such amazing prices !
1	the only sushi place i go to during non happy hour times .
1	the sushi here is really good and affordable .
1	greatest sushi find in scottsdale .
1	quality is awesome and the staff is great .
1	this place is a treasure in old town scottsdale !
1	best place ever !
1	great find !
1	best sushi in old town .
1	great atmosphere and prices !
1	great prices , great sushi , great chefs .
1	kyoto continues to be a rockin ' good time !
1	the service is really good .
1	they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers !
1	best sashimi in the valley hands down !
1	the yellow tail , tuna , salmon , rainbow rolls are all amazing !
1	i love this place !
1	the good it 's always good and the service is tops .
1	i recommend the salmon volcano roll if you are on a date .
1	the price for this place is very reasonable since you are in scottsdale .
1	this is one of my favorite local sushi joints !
1	great service , great sushi , always fresh and really great prices .
1	a wonderful neighborhood sushi joint .
1	sushi chefs definitely know what they are doing and the bartender was hilarious .
1	definitely worth checking out .
1	seriously good deal .
1	it 's a hidden right in the heart of old town scottsdale .
1	love love love kyoto lunch !
0	they were not shy with ingredients , and i thought their food was delicious .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	sushi is world class .
1	lunches are a great deal too .
1	teppan tables are fun for special occasions .
1	the volcano salmon roll and dynamite roll are great .
1	everything else is amazing too .
1	always a favorite place at downtown scottsdale .
1	best sushi in old town scottsdale .
1	great food and prices are reasonable .
1	fish is fresh and delicious .
1	some of the best sushi i 've ever had .
1	their dynamite dish is excellent !
1	their bar has the best prices !
1	always have and always will !
1	the best sushi in az !
1	this restaurant is closed !
1	i totally recommend it and there teppanyaki bar 's great too .
1	i highly recommend adobe animal hospital !
1	it 's the whole staff .
1	in any case , great clinic , great hospital , great staff .
1	highly recommended , they know their stuff !
1	these people are just so great .
1	fantastic place for my pup .
1	the staff here is very attentive and helpful .
1	very friendly and super helpful .
1	they love him and his care for them is apparent .
1	the best vet 's office ever !
1	staff are always super friendly and attentive .
1	and the give a ton of treats !
1	our pup is always so excited to go inside and see everybody .
1	absolutely the best vet practice in the valley !
1	it 's been very comforting to have my animals in their care .
1	a charming , comfortable spot , with good food and good service .
0	moved here from cali and have been on the quest for good mexican food .
1	this place is the best that i 've found so far .
1	very tasty !
1	this place holds its own .
0	everyone enjoyed their meals .
1	liked this place a lot and would definitely go back .
1	prices reasonable .
0	the food was still wonderful , full of taste and the kick of heat .
1	the serrano chili enchiladas were amazing .
1	the patio is quaint .
1	ground beef enchiladas with and egg on top .
0	i had frank 's enchilada plate and it was wonderful .
1	tasty and authentic food .
0	atmosphere was fun , eclectic and lovely to be outdoors !
1	the salsa is spiced just right .
0	it was so spicy ... mmmm !
0	the burrito , though it looked fairly plain , actually had very good flavor .
1	like the quaint atmosphere really cute !
1	out door seating that is nice during the cooler times of year .
1	i eat here often and everything is a hit !
1	this cute little restaurant is a great go-to when you 're in the area .
1	food quality is very good .
1	worth going to and then trying some others .
1	count it .
1	great wait staff .
1	their salsa is the best in scottsdale .
1	we always look forward to frank and lupe .
1	both very tasty and very satisfying .
1	plus , it 's so close to us !
1	the casual outdoor seating with misters makes for a pleasant evening .
1	great big margaritas .
1	the food is excellent , a quite location .
1	my favorite are the sopapillas !
1	best new mexican in arizona ... easily .
1	i recommend their chimichanga .
0	the fajitas were really good and the salsa was addicting .
1	all homemade and tasted great , i will be back .
1	it 's even better when enjoyed on the patio .
0	loved it !
0	salsa and chips were the best part .
1	this is a solid mexican food restaurant in old town scottsdale .
1	the food is top notch .
1	their margaritas are great !
1	salsa is unique and has great kick , served with homemade chips .
1	wow .
1	great location close to the scottsdale art walk .
1	relaxed and good food that is not expensive .
1	true food from new mexico .
1	this is one of my favorite mexican restaurants .
1	margaritas are also very tasty .
1	hits the spot as an old school mexican joint .
0	i got a chimichanga and it was the best i have ever had !
1	love the fresh salsa .
1	will definitely return when in scottsdale .
1	simply amazing .
0	it was great , and everything tasted fresh and homemade .
0	it was quite strong too .
1	very reasonable prices as well !
1	best mexican food in old town for sure .
1	my fave is their fish tacos , but all their food is good .
1	the mole is absolutely delightful !
1	not too spicy -- but so very flavorful !
1	it 's honestly the best mexican food i have ever eaten .
1	i love this place !
1	friendly service .
1	we come from new mexico and our mexican food is different .
1	the patio is amazing for margaritas any time .
1	my go to spot for steak tacos in old town .
1	still hot and fresh for takeout as well which is a plus for me .
1	the happy hour is incredible , the nachos are amazing .
1	friendly service , good prices and great food !
0	the food absolutely rocked !
1	will be back for the food and drinks though !
0	she loved it .
1	it is also super charming inside and on the patio .
1	thanks for a great experience !
1	best green chili soup on the planet .
1	so good !
0	have eaten here a couple times and really enjoy the food .
1	you really do feel like you 're in mexico !
1	the ceviche is wonderful and margaritas are sooo good !
1	service is great !
1	amazing food , warm accommodating atmosphere and did i mention the food ?
1	i love the food here !
1	great little mexican restaurant in old town scottsdale !
1	wonderful atmosphere !
1	the staff is friendly and the skinny margaritas are delicious .
0	highly recommended .
1	most of the time the service is personable and excellent !
1	great patio with ambiance .
1	will come back !
1	best chips and salsa for miles and miles !
1	good chips and salsa !
1	if i was a local it would be a regular spot !
1	great food !
1	this is legit new mexican food !
1	some dishes even come with the sopapillas for desert .
1	so good !
1	always a great place to go for good food without the high prices .
1	great food .
0	it was really good !
1	absolutely the best ceviche !
1	and amazing margaritas !
1	service is always good and this place is family owned !
1	service is great and the staff is super friendly .
1	food is outstanding .
1	plenty to eat and amazing flavor .
1	highly recommended if you like mexican food .
1	excellent food and sit on the patio !
1	great mini chimichanga , pitcher of margarita .
1	mole enchiladas are a bit spicy but i like it that way .
1	nice background music and fast service buy they do n't rush you .
0	i had the queso dip and fish tacos and they were very good !
1	excellent pricing and service .
1	thank you !
1	great back patio as well !
1	grab a beer and bring a friend for an enjoyable time .
1	place is always full lunch time though so you may have to wait .
1	the number six special is my regular .
1	but by far the best thing this place has to offer is the food .
1	i always get the four cheese rigatoni , and it is very good .
0	our server was great and very knowledgeable .
1	i have always had fantastic , fast , friendly service .
1	always a winner !
1	its very cute and romantic .
1	i love the rolls !
1	this is a cute little pasta joint .
1	however , order a drink and sit at the bar .
1	delicious chicken parm ... we mostly get it for take out .
1	still excellent !
1	total with delivery $ _num_ , great deal , very good pizza !
0	loved it .
1	great service .
1	the food is amazing and the service is usually pretty good .
1	great food .
1	fair pricing .
1	they always remember us and the food is real awesome italian food !
1	the food is good .
1	the pizza is also very good .
1	they ambiance is fine .
1	love this place !
1	the atmosphere is quiet and inviting .
1	their veal parm is amazing .
1	and they are serving the best authentic italian food in the hood .
1	wine selection is phenomenal .
1	i love this place !
1	vodka penne with shrimp and a touch of spice is my fav !
1	love this place .
0	home made pasta and always a special board full of creative dishes .
0	the food was exceptional and the service was phenomenal .
0	everyone had a wonderful evening that will not soon be forgotten .
1	we had a great time and will be back again !
0	crust was great though .
1	will order from them again !
1	this is a great place !
1	even the pizza is among my favorites in town .
1	a restaurant that has always focused on their male servers is getting a facelift !
1	nice , but not to fancy .
1	wow , what a great decision .
1	we 'll definitely be coming back again soon - more than once .
1	i love this place !
1	i 've always had really great service .
1	the pizza is excellent and inexpensive .
1	the vodka penne was amazing too .
1	fast service .
1	good food .
1	happy hour all day on sunday 's .
0	the food was wonderful as well as the staff !
1	a very nice spot for a quiet lunch .
1	the chicken salad is amazing and so is the vodka sauce .
1	delicious !
1	i highly recommend this place !
0	i tried the spaghetti bolognese and it was amazingly good .
1	everything here is just amazing .
1	service is _num_ stars by far !
1	this is a awesome place .
1	my favorite italian in phoenix/scottsdale area .
1	great location in the middle of old town scottsdale .
1	love this place , they have the best vodka sauce in town .
1	this service is great .
1	a great dinner spot for date night !
0	the delivery was quick as well !
1	the desserts are always amazing , their cheesecake is my all time favorite .
1	he is very gentle and kind .
1	this is my favorite pizza in the valley .
1	check it out .
1	really great pizza .
1	but the price is still very reasonable .
1	there is a happy hour that has some good deals .
1	there are some tvs to watch the game as well .
1	the pizza is fabulous and the salads are awesome .
1	i have been here quite a few times and always thoroughly enjoy everything .
1	awesome pizza !
1	i love grimaldi 's .
1	best pizza west of the mississippi .
1	the pizza is delicious .
1	fresh vegetables , crisp crust and well-seasoned sauce .
1	service is friendly and the atmosphere is casual .
1	so far , this is the best pizza ive had in scottsdale .
1	the sauce , cheese , crust is all very good .
1	i love this place !
1	it will be super crispy and good if you get the light toppings .
1	the sauce is perfect as well .
1	perfection !
1	great wine selection with fair prices .
1	it is always busy and always worth the wait .
1	please , oh please , open one up in southern california !
1	this is my favorite pizza in the entire valley .
1	great stuff .
1	mmmm ... excellent !
1	one can only dream about grimaldi 's opening in la one day ... .
0	service was great .
1	love their pizza .
1	excellent pizza !
1	great atmosphere !
1	if you 're in the scottsdale area it 's a must .
1	both are really good .
1	the restaurant is clean inside and the staff is nice and friendly .
1	what a great place for pizza .
1	i was drooling with the flavors !
1	we 'll definitely go back !
1	great pizza , albeit a little overpriced .
1	one of my favorite pizza places in town .
1	wow !
1	i love pizza so much i can eat an entire large pizza by myself .
1	the crust is crunchy and bubbly !
1	very nice staff .
1	wood fired pizza and it 's very tasty .
1	always packed and the pizza is very consistent .
1	this is my favorite pizza .
1	and service is usually very good !
1	quite possibly the 2nd best pizza i have ever had .
1	cute place .
1	good first date .
1	best pizza in phoenix !
1	i really enjoyed my experience there .
1	great pie , pretty good service .
1	they also have some pretty good local beers on tap and by the bottle .
1	very good .
1	the service is great , always friendly and the ny pizza is very tasty !
1	definitely worth a visit if you 're in old town for lunch or dinner .
1	the rooms that line the courtyard are great for larger indoor/outdoor parties .
0	my friends and i had a great experience dining at grimaldi 's !
1	geez , it 's always such a treat to come here .
0	manager was super nice .
1	grimaldi 's is one of my top pizza places in scottsdale .
1	fun social atmosphere .
1	excellent selection of foods .
1	a memorable experience .
1	good times .
1	best pizza in the valley .
1	it 's fairly casual , but charming at the same time .
1	well ... definitely my husbands .
1	he loves , loves , loves grimaldi 's .
1	very tasty pizza !
1	the service is always fast , and nice .
1	best pizza i 've ever had !
1	good for kids too .
1	they only have pizza and calzones but pizza alone is worth it !
1	i really love grimaldi 's !
0	we also got a large pepperoni pizza which came out nice and hot !
1	grimaldi 's knows how to make a tasty one .
1	the best pizza i 've had in a long time !
1	incredibly good calzones ; friendly service , nice courtyard seating .
1	super delicious !
1	it is pretty good , and the place is pretty busy .
1	super cute patio !
1	everything we 've had has been good , including the service .
1	they will be fans too i 'm sure !
1	great pizza .
1	thank you !
1	i loved the pepperoni and cheese that they use on the pizzas .
1	the staff is incredibly helpful and eager to please .
1	parking can be challenging at times but it is worth it .
1	very good pizza -- exceptional crust .
0	excellent thin crust pizza ... perfectly cooked crisp thin crust .
1	nice atmosphere .
1	a consistent favorite .
1	love it !
1	traditional new york pizza , yum !
0	served family style so bring your appetite and a group to have fun .
1	thank you and see you again soon !
1	this has become my favorite `` chain '' pizza , by far .
1	the pizza has tons of flavor with a wide variety of options .
0	came here for my little sister 's family graduation party and wow !
1	delicious !
1	amazing !
1	great pizza and friendly staff !
1	excellent service .
1	pepperoni is thick sliced and delicious .
1	awesome !
1	grimaldi 's really makes you feel like you 're somewhere other than old town .
1	overall , i would recommend this place to almost anyone .
0	the service was polite and attentive .
1	other than that everything was good and i look forward to returning .
1	i really enjoy this restaurant .
1	worth a look , if you 're looking for a good pie .
0	they were great !
0	everyone loved it .
1	good pizza !
1	they have a good looking white pizza we 'll try next time !
1	well worth the _num_ minute wait to get a table .
1	wonderfully kind staff .
1	the pizza is excellent and the staff is top-notch .
1	it can get busy but they still take great care of everyone .
1	we love this pizza !
1	it deserves five stars for sure !
1	it takes the right touch and they do it right .
0	ordered a personal pan with mushrooms to go .
1	the ingredients that grace the crust are phenomenal .
1	definitely worth trying if you like a good pie .
1	fabulous thin crust pizza with high quality authentic italian ingredients .
0	it was so good !
1	best pizza chain in us !
0	the white pizza , with tomatoes and basil was very good .
0	food was great .
0	really good pizza cooked in the wood oven .
1	great service , great pizza .
1	the pepperoni and ricotta is so good .
1	highly recommend this place .
0	the pizza was excellent .
1	burn it !
1	best pizza in az so far !
1	great food amazing service great prices !
1	delicious !
1	the pizza was amazing .
1	good service .
0	there was a good balance of sauce versus bread too .
1	i ate the whole pizza and it was worth the carbs .
1	my favorite pizza in scottsdale !
1	so good !
1	a good place to go !
1	very unique pizza .
1	the sauce is great and the toppings are generous .
1	delicious , flavorful , thin crust pizza with a wonderful pizzeria ambiance .
1	this is the best of the stores in the phoenix area .
1	best customer service ever !
1	like i said before ; the pizza is delicious !
1	we love coming here !
1	amazing pizza and calzones .
1	the crust is so crispy and the sauce is great .
1	definitely a thumbs up from me !
1	fresh mozzarella and quality toppings !
1	they are a tad on the expensive side but i will always come back .
1	great atmosphere , food , and the sangria is actually really top notch .
1	the friendly crew that runs the place takes care of you .
1	i love their pizza .
1	my favorite pizza anywhere is the margherita .
1	i love the fresh basil and tomato .
1	will have to go back soon .
1	i 've been here several times and every time has been great .
1	but this pizza is amazing !
1	amazing , and so fresh !
1	love it !
1	the cesar salad dressing in very good .
1	overall the restaurant made a very good first impression and i will be returning .
1	very good pizza , we 've been here a few times .
0	overall it was a very good experience .
1	definitely will continue to come here for delicious pizza .
1	the best pizza in new york is in time square .
0	but one we got food , the pizza was impressive .
1	give it a try !
1	best pizza i 've ever had .
1	good prices !
0	service was excellent .
1	nice atmosphere .
1	my wedding reception was flawless !
1	will visit again .
1	great wine menu .
1	and for turning a grumpy husband into a happy guy !
1	pizza was amazing !
1	highly recommend .
0	sangria was good great atmosphere to watch the game as well .
1	fast , friendly service .
1	if you like ny pizza , then you 'll love it too .
0	fantastic service and the food was hot and tasty .
0	the pizza came about _num_ or so minutes later and it was so good !
0	it was really good !
0	service was good and friendly .
1	we will definitely be going back for more .
0	it was my first time here and i loved it .
1	will definitely go back !
1	love love grimaldi 's .
1	most delicious ny style pizza !
1	the staff is super friendly and also very fast .
1	i always look forward to the next time that i will be back .
1	this is a very nice pizza joint .
1	we will definitely return for more .
1	great place for some fantastic pizza , great service and not so loud atmosphere .
1	on tap is a pretty good selection of craft and domestic beer .
1	great pizza .
1	great place to have pizza , really good .
1	good to try both !
1	this place is better .
1	love this place !
1	good value and good service .
0	pizza was cooked to perfection and fast !
1	excellent pizza !
1	really some of the best i 've ever had .
1	the ricotta is divine & truly takes it to the next level .
1	not only does the food speak for itself , but the service is outstanding .
1	i ca n't tell you how great this place is .
1	the salads are great .
1	the pizza is amazing .
1	i 'm a big fan of grimaldi 's and especially the old town location .
1	sit at the bar and let dallas take care of you .
1	definitely recommend .
1	great place !
1	salad and pizza are excellent .
1	service has always been nice !
1	great thin crust pizza !
1	hopefully they open a restaurant in northern california !
1	consistently delicious !
1	wow !
0	loved everything about our visit .
0	first time here with family and we loved it !
1	i also recommend eating in .
1	excellent pizza that wo n't leave you feeling stuffed but still very satisfied .
0	enjoyed my birthday pizza !
0	had n't been here in awhile , sure was a great family birthday dinner !
1	definitely recommend !
1	he has enormous technical skills .
1	simply the best .
1	definitely a big fan of this place !
1	they are so beautiful and such high quality !
1	everyone that works there is so friendly and helpful .
1	love this store !
0	family owned .
1	great work .
1	great location !
1	i highly recommend them !
0	first of all , the service was super friendly .
1	i love this place and the quality of work they do for jewelry repair .
1	moore and more goes above and beyond and their quality of work is unmatched !
1	one thing is for sure -- they 'll be my jeweler for life !
1	this place is great .
1	i would highly recommend checking them out !
1	my new favorite italian spot !
1	an excellent date place !
1	the atmosphere is very `` new york italian '' .
1	solid wine list .
1	fresh ingredients , an outstanding menu and authentic charm make this a local favorite .
1	good atmosphere .
1	menu is pretty extensive and wine list is good as well .
1	great reception upon entering and great food !
1	the service here is always excellent .
1	the music , ambiance , and big booths are fantastic .
1	everything here always tastes fresh and perfect !
1	scallops bigger than my face are found here .
1	fresh fish .
1	very authentic new york .
1	i love there food !
1	wow !
1	just excellent food !
0	service was very food and food was great .
0	fried calamari hit the spot as appetizer .
1	clientele diverse .
1	ambience was amazing .
1	great caprese salad .
0	the malbec by the glass was also very good .
0	we have been there twice now and loved it both times .
1	oddly , combined with how good the food is , it is quite charming .
1	wow !
1	great italian food .
1	everything we have tried on the menu is great .
1	nice ambiance and good seafood for az .
1	would definitely recommend this place .
1	love this place !
1	the location is great and the atmosphere is amazing !
0	the food was really good .
0	my boyfriend had shrimp parmesan which he said was also good .
1	it 's the delicious garlic toast !
1	so freaking awesome .
1	always great service ... ... .
1	meatballs , the veal , etc .
0	had a great time .
1	great atmosphere .
1	you will love the red sauce here .
1	absolutely the first place i 'd recommend for a tourist or a food snob .
1	the ambiance is laid back & sexy , and the staff beyond hospitable .
0	my fiance and i went here last night and had a great meal .
1	now it 's a scene , but it 's classic .
1	no nonsense , but professional service .
1	we have been here _num_ times , and each time we are more impressed !
1	wow !
1	thanks garry , from mrs late , cell phone user !
1	ca n't tell you how great , fresh scratch made italian makes you feel .
1	i love italian and i eat here often .
1	this is a go to restaurant for our family .
1	the atmosphere is comfortable for any group .
1	thanks for the great service !
1	wow ... great place !
1	certainly !
1	the food at the grotto is exceptional ... hence almost _num_ years of business .
1	amazing food .
1	this place is so good .
0	the fried zucchini was great .
0	our waiter was awesome !
1	great atmosphere , great staff , and great food .
1	thank you for welcoming us on short notice !
0	the food was delicious .
1	the food and service here is phenomenal !
1	the food is fresh and tasty !
0	this place hit the spot .
0	the server made our experience worth the $ _num_ .
0	the food was delicious .
1	every time i come to old town scottsdale i have to eat here !
1	great martinis and fabulous food !
1	their charm is half the fun .
1	you could taste the fresh herbs .
1	oh that is the best italian food .
1	great service , even better food .
0	i got the fettuccine alfredo and it was so good .
1	reasonable price and so many good options , would highly recommend .
1	talk about saving time !
0	they did an awesome job and were timely as well !
1	and well carmen will tell you what you need to know ; about everything .
1	i 'm a fan of zizzo !
1	everyone there is very personable , and phil is especially great to work with .
1	i trust them with my clothes , and encourage you to do the same !
1	friendly , efficient and great quality tailoring .
1	excellent work .
1	phil 's cool too .
1	they can fix any piece of clothing you bring to them .
1	great tailor , my stuff always turns out right .
1	a bit of a drive for me but totally worth it .
1	amazing prices , and phil is hilarious , and made me laugh like crazy .
1	he 's the best , period .
1	everything great you have read about zizzo is true .
1	thank you so much for helping me today phil !
1	talk about amazing customer service !
1	i highly recommend them to any one .
1	amazing job with a black skirt i brought in .
1	this place is the best !
1	highly recommend and am very appreciative of how good their customer service is !
1	zizzo is top notch !
1	best tailor in town .
1	highly recommended !
1	greatest tailor in scottsdale !
1	zizzo is great .
1	fast , affordable , and always fun to chat with .
1	highly recommend .
1	i never write reviews on yelp but zizzo is seriously so great !
0	well priced , and so nice and friendly !
1	thank you zizzo crew !
1	what a nice touch !
0	i absolutely love zizzo .
1	places like this are a rare find .
1	great spot for tailoring needs or any small clothing fixes .
1	love the atmosphere and the way they treat their regulars .
1	the owner phil and everyone is so wonderful , accommodating , friendly and funny .
1	good and on time .
0	i was pleasantly surprised by their excellent service at an affordable price .
1	top notch !
1	this place is awesome .
1	such a great guy !
1	phil is a nice guy and funny too !
1	thank you zizzo !
1	we recommend you _num_ % .
1	everyone should try it .
1	i felt strange entering this place and it must be the energy of zizzo .
1	definitely going back if i need some more work done .
1	thanks guys !
1	fast , quality alterations at an affordable price .
1	go to zizzo you will be very pleased with your appearance .
1	i ca n't thank the great people at zizzo enough !
1	i will definitely be back every time i need something altered .
1	i 'd recommend this tailor to any of my friends .
1	phil and crew are the best !
0	phil helped me out last minute and provided us with humor while we waited !
1	i highly recommend these guys .
1	they fit perfectly now .
1	great place , will return .
1	they are great people with fair prices .
1	thank you phil .
1	phil is funny , sarcastic and just an all around enjoyable person .
1	super quick measurements .
1	that 's the mark of a good tailor .
1	extremely professional and thorough .
1	i recommend them to my friends and colleagues .
1	chuck is responsive , accessible and very helpful .
1	she 's always very friendly and makes sure to greet everyone who walks in .
0	we were so happy .
1	a cozy , friendly place with lovely , warm service .
1	the food was good for what it is .
1	anyhow -- - i think we had a great time !
1	the drinks : good enough .
1	also , thier patio rules !
1	highly recommended ... just dont take our table !
1	awesome service and just an all around fun place to be .
1	we will definitely be heading back .
1	i just had my birthday gathering at this fun and easy going bar .
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	great place to karaoke .
1	check it out .
0	their shrimp cocktail offered large , delicious shrimps .
1	i would recommend this place !
1	the bartenders are very nice .
1	great atmosphere to hang out with friends and enjoy the view !
1	very enjoyable evening overall on the second floor patio !
1	while the food is decent it certainly wont impress yelpers .
1	wow !
1	what a great place !
1	very relaxed atmosphere .
1	good food and drinks but just a tad pricy for the portions .
1	good if you 're sitting upstairs .
1	out here for spring training and it has amazing food and a great atmosphere .
1	he has a great , wide assortment of songs , old and new .
1	came here last year for spring training ( go giants ) and will return .
1	great location in the heart of old town .
1	karaoke is so much fun and the crowd is always super friendly .
1	i feel the drinks are reasonably priced and the service is good .
1	great spot to karaoke !
1	great , friendly atmosphere and an awesome location !
1	charming staff as well .
1	i look forward to coming back here soon , the menu looked great !
1	wonderful view & relaxed atmosphere on the upstairs balcony seating .
1	fun & delicious specialty drink menu .
1	great service and friendly staff .
1	very good and many people call in for take out .
1	these are great !
1	anyhow , my wife works there , so it must be cool !
1	a must see when ever you are in scottsdale .
0	i was first delighted by the museums sleek exterior .
1	i love this place .
1	cute museum .
0	the museum is beautifully designed and kept .
1	alway a fantastic and inspiring visit .
1	this is not a huge place , but their exhibits are superb .
1	appreciation and understanding of contemporary art is helpful .
1	well worth a couple of hours on your next trip to scottsdale .
1	the museum is very small but always has something interesting on display .
1	we especially enjoyed the video works exhibit !
1	always a great place to see some unusual art !
1	wonderful art museum !
0	that said , the exhibits they had were really something special !
1	but i still enjoyed viewing others ' unique perspective on life and art .
1	the beauty exhibit for father 's day .
1	but , this one wins me over .
1	this place is just great .
1	desserts are straight-forward and well executed .
1	the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion .
1	lots of reviews for bandera , so i 'll keep it simple .
1	enjoy !
1	i really love their cornbread .
1	great service , beautiful ambience .
1	guys who read this take a date their .
1	bandera gets it !
1	they deliver in the food & drink department .
1	everything i have tried has been savory & delicious .
0	i had the filet and it was phenomenal !
1	the cornbread is fantastic !
1	it is a must have !
1	the bbq is unique and the portions are large .
0	the best `` mashed potatoes '' you have ever tasted .
1	yes , the cornbread is spectacular .
0	the food was fantastic ... like always .
1	outstanding food for a decent price .
1	great prime rib dip sandwich .
0	she also got the cucumber salad ... yum !
1	bandera - i love you .
1	amazing place to eat .
1	a nice , quiet atmosphere on the main drag with excellent service .
1	rustic modern decor with a charming waitstaff complete the package .
1	green rice sounds funny but taste fantastic .
1	bandera is pricey but worth it .
1	great restaurant .
1	the service is always exceptional .
1	a lot of love goes into their food and it comes with great ambience .
1	definitely one of the best deserts on the planet .
1	worth every minute of the _num_ minute drive to get there !
0	overall the service was great , the atmosphere nice and the food good .
1	everything is always good .
1	place is hopping and still the service is top-notch .
0	i absolutely love bandera !
1	highly recommend and we will certainly be back !
1	the service here is above a vast majority of restaurants in the area .
1	this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
1	the food is exceptional and the standards of quality are worth every penny .
1	also , the way they roast their chicken is top notch .
0	the bbq salmon was good .
1	it is also fun to sit at the bar .
1	i love the baby back ribs they fall right off the bone !
0	we ordered a cornbread for the table that was delicious .
0	service was excellent and it was very busy .
1	this restaurant is a solid place with a good buzz .
1	great service and a pretty center bar to relax .
1	will definitely be back .
1	great wine list & the food melts in your mouth .
1	the wine & beer lists are really good too .
1	the sides are awesome too .
1	this place was really great and we will definitely be back .
1	this place is truly _num_ star worthy .
1	great quality food , atmosphere , and location .
1	definitely recommend.
1	great restaurant .
1	one of my favorite spots .
1	the service is also excellent .
1	i rate it a _num_ star !
1	great food even better ambiance .
1	awesome !
1	i love the cornbread appetizer .
1	this is great restaurant .
1	great food and great service !
1	this is an amazing restaurant .
0	service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews .
1	cool place with great food and super service .
0	we had the cornbread appetizer which was wonderful .
1	the meals at bandera are always amazing at this place .
1	will absolutely eat here again .
1	it 's a definite must !
1	the service is fantastic with veteran service staff and talented seating people .
0	had the artichoke hearts as an appetizer and it was great .
1	great location in the old town part of scottsdale .
0	cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food .
1	good food .
0	ribs were great .
1	the filet is amazing and the service is exceptional .
1	love this place !
1	delicious .
1	good service , good food , quiet enough for conversation .
1	the ahi tuna is best tuna we have ever had !
1	rotisserie chicken is excellent !
0	the service was excellent as well .
1	excellent cocktails .
1	when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
1	prime rib .
1	their service is great too .
0	the drinks we had were also tasty .
1	been here a few times and each time we have a solid meal .
1	fantastic food and even better service !
1	another great time at bandera !
1	i love this restaurant !
0	good example is their incredible meat loaf which i thought was long gone .
1	grilled artichokes are back : ) and better than ever .
1	price is okay , but you get what you pay for here .
1	best cornbread you 'll ever have !
1	the drinks are good .
1	the service is very good .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
1	the cornbread is the best ever !
1	this is a great southwestern restaurant in old town scottsdale .
1	check it out !
1	the food is excellent and the choices are vast .
1	best place in scottsdale for me .
1	but fantastic .
1	always great service .
1	this is our favorite restaurant !
1	actually everything we have tried there is amazing !
1	solid _num_ stars !
0	the kitchen staff moves like a well oiled machine .
1	i continue to come here and i am continually impressed .
0	my steak was awesome and the service was great too !
1	we love this restaurant !
0	their little drive thru pickup area was easy and everything was delicious as always !
1	we love this place .
0	i had the prime rib , which was cooked to a perfect medium rare .
1	great view of the restaurant .
1	good food , great service a must stop .
1	even when you 're full you keep eating .
1	talk about excellent customer service !
1	oh , i forgot to mention the cornbread skillet is the best too !
1	great ambiance !
1	best salad i have ever had .
1	dark decor , elegant low lighting and top-notch service .
1	when in scottsdale this is a stop worth making ... twice .
1	amazing food , great service .
0	went there for valentines day and the atmosphere was lively and fun .
1	our waitress was excellent with so much going on .
1	the chicken flavor is very very good .
1	agree with most of the other reviews .
1	the outside of this place looks really nice and the inside too .
1	we will always remember this special night and the amazing staff !
1	great place to dine while visiting scottsdale !
1	the staff is amazing - incredibly accommodating and kind .
1	i love this place .
1	i love that they serve the full menu at the bar .
1	their sides are fantastic .
1	what a spectacular meal and outstanding service .
1	its one of our favorite places .
1	service is always great and so is the food .
1	service here is exceptional and the food is to die for .
0	the service was super .
1	best restaurant ever !
1	i always have a great dish here to eat .
1	i always leave full and happy .
1	the servers are friendly and the service is quick for a fancy place .
0	the rotisserie chicken was so moist and tender !
1	the atmosphere is comfortable and upscale .
0	our server was knowledgable about the menu and friendly .
1	they have a small menu that they can perfect each dish which is good .
1	great restaurant in old town scottsdale .
1	soooo good !
0	came here for my brother in-laws birthday .
1	great experience and delicious food .
1	quickly becoming one of our favorites in old town !
1	the rotisserie chicken is the best i 've ever had .
0	cooked over a wood fire made it perfect .
1	great wine selection .
1	cool place , nice atmosphere , great service .
1	great atmosphere , wonderful staff .
1	great food !
1	great food , wonderful atmosphere .
1	i can stand outside all day and smell those rotisserie chickens !
1	been coming here for years .
1	beautiful restaurant , service and food .
1	delicious food , fabulous service .
1	many choices on the menus and great food !
0	loved it !
1	great environment , excellent food , and great service .
1	really good prime rib .
1	one of my favorite chains .
1	this place is ridiculously good .
1	stunning staff and food !
1	megan w is the best server we have ever had !
1	she is super attentive and always so fun to see !
1	i really enjoy this place ... you will too !
1	i think bandera is worth a visit .
1	but regardless , this place is a `` must go to '' .
1	very relaxed , yet personal vibes going on and our waiter was hilarious .
0	the rotisserie chicken and ribs combo was excellent .
0	the chicken was nice and juicy .
1	fun intimate environment and delicious food !
1	salmon is also good and so is the enchilada dish !
1	french dip is always on point .
1	it has such an elegant vibe .
1	tomatoes features delicious sandwiches , salads , pastas and burgers .
1	their fries are some of the best i have ever had .
1	i have not tried their desserts but they always look great .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	dr. dan is great .
1	he stands out in a wonderful way from the average chiropractor .
1	huge fan !
1	dr. dan and his staff are exceptional .
1	his staff is courteous , knowledgeable and super friendly .
0	when that part was over with , dr. dan did what he does best .
1	i always look forward to visiting his office !
1	thank you !
1	love this spa !
0	today i had casey and she gave me an amazing massage .
1	thank you kelly and casey !
1	they are the best !
1	amanda is amazing and helpful .
1	very helpful , kind , and knowledgeable .
1	brenda and her staff are excellent !
1	thanks brenda & staff for all you do !
1	very friendly !
1	i would highly recommend this office !
1	terrific company - terrific employees !
1	next job , seal the cracks in my bathroom !
1	i highly recommend this company and especially josh !
1	staff always friendly !
1	i love the disney store !
1	the staff is always friendly and happy to help you with whatever you need .
1	childhood nostalgia around every corner .
1	this place is also just so much fun to walk around in .
1	wow !
1	jennifer knows skin !
1	she is very professional and personable .
1	jennifer is amazing .
1	i would recommend her to anyone !
1	she 's very friendly and knowledgeable , i have enjoyed every appointment .
1	she is a true professional .
1	celebrity skin is amazing !
1	highly recommended !
1	the tea and coffee is bold , unique and mighty tasty .
1	got ta have a blended everytime i come to arizona .
1	it is his favorite coffee shop .
1	i have found friendly service .
1	pastries are good and i know i will go back .
1	this place gets a lot of business during this time .
1	the place is very nicely laid out and extremely comfortable .
1	each walk is different with different views and photo opportunities .
1	this starbucks is fantastic !
1	the baristas are always so willing to help or provide recommendations !
1	this location is nice .
0	got my drink correct and quick !
1	incredible customer service .
1	love the view of the mountains on the patio .
1	good start to anyone 's morning .
1	they 've been training new employees and everyone is kind and fast .
1	thank you for making me a regular again .
1	staff is great here .
1	the atmosphere is great .
1	staff is super friendly .
1	love the dentist !
1	great guy !
1	great service .
0	good follow-up to get a crown done .
1	thanks for keeping our teeth healthy !
1	mike is seriously the best dentist ever .
1	great place !
0	i was very , very pleased .
1	great fast cooking asian menu .
1	pei wei is consistently fresh , tasty , and a good value .
1	there spicy ramen dish is delicious !
1	excellent service and food .
1	a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .
1	love this restaurant .
1	my whole family likes it !
1	friendly staff !
1	great place fo take out or eat in .
1	the dishes are unusually large and are very good .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	restaurant is clean , and the food is always top notch for its price .
1	the employees are all very friendly , and their is nothing like leaving happy .
1	pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
0	i received excellent customer service from jason at lunch today .
1	nobody has that consistency !
1	very pleased and we will continue to come as per usual .
1	always a wonderful experience .
0	everything i ordered was cooked to perfection and full of flavor .
0	i was vary satisfied with the view .
1	i have to say this place is fucking amazing like wow .
1	this is a hidden gem in scottsdale , the views are breathtaking .
0	it was definitely an amazing night .
1	definitely recommend this place .
1	wonderful place to have dinner with a special person .
1	always impeccable service .
1	food is always made from fresh , locally grown ingredients .
1	food is consistently _num_ 1/2 star quality , as is the wine list .
1	great casual atmosphere and interesting food !
1	the lamb chops are succulent and savory .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	craft cocktails .
0	the dessert was the best part for me .
1	the bartender makes prob some of the best hand crafted cocktails in the city .
1	service was excellent and we will return asap .
1	lots of space between tables .
1	a nice place .
0	as usual , they were excellent .
1	the food is superb - excellent preparation , creative combinations .
1	really , truly world class selection .
1	much more of a local favorite than a tourist spot .
1	the food and service are excellent and the atmosphere is calm and relaxing .
1	a well oiled operation with amazing timing on delivering the courses hot and delicious .
1	as to the food , rancho is serious about creativity .
0	food and service were outstanding !
0	we enjoyed every bite .
1	worth every penny !
1	and i travel all over and i am always in search of great food .
0	along with the pecan dessert , the meal was perfect .
1	excellent dinner , great wine recommendation .
0	the dinners were perfect - pork and lamb .
1	cool atmosphere , wonderful and friendly service , delicious food and awesome wine .
0	cooked to perfection and very flavorful .
1	this has always been one of my favorite restaurants in scottsdale .
1	great food , great service .
1	bartender and server jimmy goes above and beyond .
1	something for everyone .
1	my favorite bar in the whole wide world !
0	the bouncers were really cool to us .
1	thanks !
1	great bar , awesome staff .
1	this place still kicks ass .
1	great place to hang out if you want to have a great time .
1	it 's a great hole in the wall bar with the biker attitude .
1	this bars got it all : women , booze , and more importantly women .
1	always a good time !
1	i love this bar .
1	it can get really packed on weekends .
1	they play great music , and a lot of great people hang out there .
1	will definitely be back next time i 'm in the valley .
1	a great time for all .
1	otherwise great place .
1	cheap drinks , beautiful women , and shuffleboard .
1	thank you jack !
1	it is literally the most beautiful piece of jewelry i have ever seen .
1	james elliot and his team are the best .
1	if you love what they make great .
1	james elliot is the most wonderful jewelry store !
1	i just love it !
1	i ca n't recommend this store highly enough !
0	the experience was top notch from start to finish .
1	i worked with carol , who is pretty much the sweetest woman alive .
1	best take out or eat in sushi !
1	the sushi is well priced for the volume .
1	this definitely calls for an update .
1	aj 's has some of the prettiest flowers around town right now in stock .
1	yes , a form of cabbage !
1	their bakery and prepared food counters are outstanding .
1	thank you .
1	love the store .
1	they make the dining in fun and welcoming .
1	the fresh lunch options are amazing .
1	their baked goods are very good .
1	consistently good aj 's location .
1	their bakery is hands down the best .
1	i also love all their cookies and baked goods .
1	sushi happy hour is the hidden secret .
1	the food is always fresh , the wine selection expansive and the service impeccable .
1	if you do n't - it 's worth treating yourself !
1	happy hour at the sushi bar is the best kept secret !
1	i also love their sushi bar and coffee bar .
1	and make for a perfect gift .
1	great pizza , sushi , and salad bar .
1	excellent place to shop for food !
1	what 's even more impressive is their dinner salad bar and sushi bar !
1	the quality and customer service is perfection .
1	best neighborhood grocery store .
1	best place to shop and i am truly addicted to aj 's ice tea !
1	you will probably add a few ideas to your memory book .
1	i highly recommend them if you are looking for anything that they offer .
1	i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
1	a+ gentlemen .
1	good sized portions , steaks and sides are flavorful .
1	kudos to mgr on duty !
1	i love this place , drinks and food are wonderful .
0	she was fantastic .
1	amazing food and drinks !
1	excellent steaks and ambience .
1	the baked garlic shrimp are delicious and so is their french onion soup .
1	it 's a nice personal touch that starts off the night right .
1	excellent customer service .
1	the food is fantastic , the service is excellent ( thank you liz !
1	we will definitely be back ( yet again ! )
0	both of us found the food enjoyable and the service was quite good .
1	excellent steak and lobster , service always above average .
1	i wish i could afford to eat here every day .
1	a quality experience .
0	soup was great , potato was large and good .
1	the staff , management , cocktails , food , and atmosphere are exceptional !
0	the hh wine was excellent .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	thank you for making our last night with our family together a memorable event .
1	very tender , moist and flavorful .
1	they make sure to take care of you and care .
1	televisions are easy to see .
1	the snack menu offers good variety and quality food .
1	the bartender is knowledgeable and friendly .
0	it was juicy and full of flavor .
1	great place to take a date or a special occasion .
1	the bar is nice also if you want to catch a game .
1	the best food and atmosphere .
1	everything is wonderful down to the dessert .
1	and for dessert , their cheesecake is the best i have ever eaten .
0	i also tried a lemon drop martini that was also delicious .
1	service and food was amazing .
0	service was good as usual !
1	love the atmosphere and service is always great .
1	prices may be a little pricey but definitely worth it .
1	great ambiance .
1	very nice staff .
1	patron silver .
1	great food and service .
0	the food was delicious , however i felt like it was overpriced .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	quality of food is fantastic .
0	our server tara was so sweet , classy & attentive .
1	i have eaten here on numerous occasions .
1	the atmosphere is nice and intimate .
0	service was wonderful to match !
1	great ambiance .
1	the food is really good and the service is solid as well .
0	all staff was extremely professional and the food was amazing .
1	another big thank you to this location of the keg !
1	always an excellent experience .
1	the food has always been amazing .
1	we will continue to go back .
1	their prices are well matched for the quality of the food .
1	the lobster starter was amazing !
1	definitely coming again .
1	wonderful experience !
1	food & service was amazing !
1	excellent taste .
1	melt in your mouth tender .
1	friendly service and smiles .
1	really busy and everyone seems to be having a good time .
1	good food and happy hour prices .
1	gorgeous meals and excellent service !
0	steak was fantastic as usual .
0	the steak was cooked to perfection and tasted fantastic .
1	the food is superb !
1	love the keg .
1	my wife and i go here a few times a year and love it .
1	the new general manager , mike , is amazing !
1	i am very happy to have found the steakhouse about _num_ miles from home .
1	the atmosphere and service is consistently _num_ stars .
1	this is a solid steak spot !
1	the bar is well stocked .
1	thank you for making his birthday one to remember !
1	so very delicious !
0	i had the cod , rice , asparagus and such a wonderful combination .
1	very pleasant experience .
1	trevor was charming , polite , and helpful ... an awesome server !
1	the keg is our favorite restaurant .
1	3rd favorite out of all the various restaurants we have been to across country .
0	which were these mocha pie things , and were insanely delicious .
1	love their food .
0	everything on my plate was sooooo good !
0	our server was also very friendly and attentive .
1	best pizza and easy on the $ .
1	the flavors are sharp and strong .
1	they have consistent quality and a great tasting product !
1	love barro 's pizza !
1	thick doughy crust , very flavorful sauce , and wonderfully large amounts of cheese .
1	highly recommend the bbq chicken !
1	great service and great delivery .
1	two thumbs up !
1	however , their pizza is always great and delivered on time .
1	the staff is friendly and the pizza is delicious .
1	all this combines to make a great pizza .
1	the food is amazing !
1	good spot .
1	good family spot .
0	always loved lunch specials .
1	a lot of places offer them , some good , some real bad .
1	good job guys !
1	great thin crust pizza crispy and not too greasy .
1	it 's pizza done right .
1	friendly staff and reasonable pricing .
1	everything always arrives hot and fresh .
1	love barros !
1	great pizza , great service , and the salad bar is awesome !
1	great deal for the money .
1	meatball grinder also very good .
1	i 'm always one of them and will continue to be !
0	overall the food was good .
1	ordering was easy and smooth .
1	this is the best one .
1	always fast and easy and remembers a lot of people .
1	always clean and the food is fantastic .
1	pool is very clean and the evening cookies are so delicious .
1	continental breakfast is good as well .
1	but i 'm very pleased with my shoes and bag .
1	very friendly staff also !
0	found a great pair of heels here .
0	wow - this was a totally find .
1	i will definitely return !
1	nice place , very friendly staff , warm , and inviting one to buy .
1	i love love love my sister 's closet !
1	cool spot , very helpful and friendly salespeople .
0	i actually found a few really nice items with tags still on .
1	they have a lot of unique items .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	love this place !
1	what makes it the best one is the quality of the merchandise .
1	i always find cute stuff !
1	i 'm so happy .
1	this store is my favorite !
1	if you are designer savvy , you know that 's practically stealing !
1	i love this place !
1	definitely worth the trip and will be back !
1	they are all very nice .
1	nice employees , fast service .
1	they have the entire process down to a science and works efficiently .
0	staff was all very friendly and informative .
1	love the variety of fabric and it is good value for the dollar .
1	high end carpets and high end service .
1	i am so pleased and kim treated us with kid gloves .
1	the sales and floor team are exceptional , both friendly and knowledgeable .
1	love love love this store !
1	i love , love , love this place .
1	i am a huge fan .
1	this store is a gem .
1	tammy also did a very nice job helping me out , love this place .
1	they are amazing .
1	great place to leave your children .
1	we love it here .
1	the rates are reasonable and in line with the other locations in the area .
1	the service is always first class and very friendly .
1	very nice and genuine guy .
1	the carts are new and always clean and nice .
1	thai crunch salad !
0	i 've tried their pizzas and always enjoyed them as well .
1	the service and food are always consistent making it nice .
1	their pizza is consistently unique and very good .
1	their craft is a good and reliable as any other family chain .
1	atmosphere is awesome , service is excellent .
1	i will eat here the next time i am in town .
1	a good choice for a birthday dinner .
1	good service and affordable prices .
1	super fast super friendly service .
1	we will definitely be coming back !
1	my family and i love cpk .
1	it tasted fresh and the half size is the perfect portion for lunch .
1	this dentist is upfront with you , but will tell you like it is .
1	have been a patient for about _num_ years ; since moving to arizona .
1	pretty painless and he 's gentle .
1	i highly recommend this dentist .
1	he is technically perfect , quick , and a totally nice person .
1	perfect location and great views of paradise valley .
0	the food was outstanding and reasonably priced for the quality .
1	they use quality ingredients in standard combinations for a tasty product .
0	the food was very good , but the service was outstanding .
1	amazing aesthetics .
1	this is a great place to seal deals of all sorts .
1	fabulous views of paradise valley !
1	great dessert .
0	highly recommended for special occasions and a `` splurge . ''
1	i always leave elements feeling like a better person .
1	located at sanctuary camelback mountain resort & spa , this is a beautiful place .
0	everything was very good .
0	tuna was excellent .
1	it is a very beautiful and romantic setting .
1	overall , very good - but not super great .
1	the view is awesome !
0	i had happy hour with friends here last night .
1	this place has such a wonderful ambiance .
1	it is beautiful !
0	celebrated my birthday here with friends .
1	always a bonus when my family comes to town .
1	very different and interesting !
1	spectacular !
1	the ambiance is just perfect .
0	the staff was also very friendly and attentive .
1	the food was amazing .
0	everything was delicious and the view fantastic .
1	great view , really good food , nice asian theme to the food .
1	fantastic !
1	the sommelier chris is so wonderful !
1	gorgeous magical setting .
1	gorgeous end to a trip in az .
0	i got the bacon wrapped filet ... amazing !
0	great view , great food , great service ... reservations needed .
1	you will score points here !
1	wow what a treat .
1	elements is a spectacular restaurant .
1	the drinks are also so good served from the jade bar .
1	elements has one of the most romantic views at sunset !
1	amazing !
1	it was a perfect dining experience from start to finish .
1	always great food and drinks .
1	we 've mostly ordered the specials and have loved everything we 've eaten .
1	everyone deserves a second chance to make things right .
1	i appreciate the professionalism and attention to customer service .
1	this is a fantastic spot for views & a healthy lunch !
1	love the bento boxes ... all under _num_ calories & delicious !
1	keep it up sanctuary !
1	the food is great .
1	and every last bite of it was amazing .
1	additionally , the staff is very genuine and friendly .
1	the place is awesome .
1	nice decor , comfortable , a great ambiance .
0	the mai thai was pretty strong but good .
1	i will definitely go back .
1	thanks for the great service and wine .
0	the food was excellent .
0	my wife and i experienced a five-star performance on valentine 's day .
1	its beautiful inside and out .
1	the food is just as beautiful as the scenery .
1	go here , you will love it .
1	will definitely be back .
0	pricey , but lunch was absolutely fabulous .
1	tempura shrimp , huge !
1	service , excellent .
1	very romantic setting with one of the best views in the valley .
1	great food , nice wine .
0	went to elements for the first time yesterday for brunch with some friends .
1	nice place .
1	good food .
1	wow !
1	what a lovely location .
1	very impressed with service and excellent food .
1	the food is very creative , fresh , and prepared to perfection .
1	a great place for a special night out .
1	top _num_ restaurants i 've ever been to .
1	amazing view , and excellent service .
1	love this place .
1	drinks at the bar are good and the bartenders are friendly .
1	i love the resort , the sanctuary , even more !
1	nice romantic place .
0	the service was great and the food was delicious .
1	space is beautiful , of course .
1	they hit all the right notes .
1	truly impressed by this restaurant .
1	go for an unforgettable meal and incredible view !
0	service was great and the view was pleasant .
1	it is a higher price joint but well worth it !
1	great alcoholic beverages as well !
1	two thumbs up !
1	the staff is prompt and attentive .
1	if that does n't get you hooked the view is stunning .
1	i would recommend this place to all my friends .
0	got a few appetizers and share them .
1	great breakfast spot !
1	perfect place for a special occasion .
0	hand crafted with unique ingredients .
1	other than that the food is fantastic & the service is great !
1	this place is great for special day .
1	beautiful views of valley .
0	all done well .
1	we will be back and i will order off the menu .
1	two thumbs up !
1	the atmosphere is amazing .
1	i recommend this place to everyone .
1	excellent , creative menu .
0	sunset completed the evening .
1	great service .
1	elements continues to be our go to for special occasions .
1	service is excellent .
1	the food is great , wish the portions of fish were bigger .
1	the food is exquisite with exceptional flavor combinations and some unique ingredients .
0	it was a culinary delight !
1	will absolutely return .
1	so delicious .
1	delectable and thoroughly enjoyable and unique !
1	very enjoyable experience and would recommend for any special occasion .
1	phenomenal service .
1	the whole experience was amazing .
1	fabulous !
1	amazing flavors .
0	it has been good every time i went .
1	i have loved the restaurant since the first time i 've come .
1	will definitely be back and would recommend to anyone !
1	want a scenic view mixed with an amazing atmosphere .
1	defiantly worth a try for an upscale birthday or date night .
1	the asian fusion tastes are imaginative and unique .
1	this meal ranks in the top _num_ of all time !
1	everything has an asian twist , which is so delicious .
1	overall , would definitely return here and had a great experience !
1	ambiance is amazing !
1	the finest meal and dining experience we have ever had .
0	the beautiful views only made the experience that much better .
1	our server has absolutely been the best server we 've ever had !
1	the views are unbeatable and perfect setting tucked into paradise valley .
1	love having breakfast there .
1	wow !
0	it was fantastic .
1	great service .
1	delicious food .
1	was able to see the sunset , while we ate dinner .
1	great views .
1	so romantic .
1	the view is amazing .
1	the most amazing view and amazing service !
0	my wife had the chicken very good !
1	amazing dinner and service highly recommended !
1	this place is amazing .
0	our server anthony was great .
1	from fun margarita glasses , elegant wine glasses , and even some shot sets .
0	they were all entire sets in great condition for awesome prices .
1	this locations the best because it 's the largest !
1	always fun to shop with you !
1	this is a favorite shopping stop .
1	great deals and you never know what you might find .
1	nice place , good atmosphere , good food and service .
1	the food is very good and inexpensive .
1	always consistent always good .
1	the service is always good .
1	overall , i recommend the pizza and the service was excellent .
1	i crave it !
1	there is something special about the delicious ricotta with the other flavors .
1	the salads are also great and the service has always been good .
1	very very good .
1	wow !
1	and the service is awesome !
1	thanks nypd !
1	this is a great pizza place !
1	the price is really reasonable too !
1	love the brooklyn slice day or night .
1	good service and very legit food .
1	i 'm a huge fan of nypd .
0	loved the pizza here .
1	they do a pretty good job for arizona for new york style pizza .
1	amazing pizza !
1	the place has a nice vibe and the service is very customer oriented .
1	they go an extra mile for customers of all ages .
1	it 's delicious !
1	they also have really really good ranch here .
0	the men got a large pepperoni pizza , talk about a big pizza .
1	a good and more casual environment for pizza in the scottsdale area .
1	excellent authentic nyc pies .
1	the staff is always helpful and sweet .
1	i think that 's really high .
1	this place is an occasional treat for me rather than a habit .
1	this is a delicious pizza place !
1	i also really like their zucchini appetizer .
1	happy hour provides some god deals on beer and wine so that helps .
1	dependable ny style pizzeria .
1	slices are good with good variety .
1	ugh guilty pleasure at work !
1	i love when we order pizza from nypd .
1	excellent pizza .
0	also had the antipasto salad which was excellent and perfect for sharing .
0	attentive service made for a very enjoyable experience .
1	this is the place !
1	many options on crust styles and the crust flavor is amazing .
1	thank you for encouraging us to give this location another try !
1	great price for delicious pizza .
1	worth checking out !
1	really fine fusion restaurant .
0	our meal was excellent , as was our sushi .
1	also , the service is polite , knowledgeable and friendly .
1	the ambience is excellent .
1	the food is impeccable , the wine list superb .
1	great place for atmosphere and interesting food .
1	he is guaranteed to entertain you through the entire dining experience .
1	one of the great chefs in the valley !
1	razz is a real gem !
0	the was a great way to finish off a delicious dinner .
1	i crave it !
1	wow !
1	it 's refreshing to see all the good reviews .
1	drinks are great and service is outstanding .
1	the desserts are incredible as well .
1	everything is made fresh to order .
1	great place to bring a date .
1	restaurant is a small place tucked in a strip mall .
1	razz is an exceptional chef .
1	he 's serving the most sophisticated food .
0	definitely pricey , but everything we had was well prepared and very tasty .
1	you have to love a restaurant that gets it right from start to finish !
1	razz mentioned that he has a high percent of repeat business .
1	the food is amazing with some amazing sauces .
1	he rocks and the food rocks !
0	done to perfection .
1	the food 's presentation , temperature , freshness and of course taste is fantastic .
1	my girlfriend hates seafood yet she loves everything razz serves up .
1	awesome !
1	the food is great !
1	this place is quaint , eccentric , and good food .
1	fabulous dining experience !
1	excellent service !
1	you walk in a get a real warm feel like it 's family owned .
1	a nice quiet place to take someone special .
1	every food plate that chef razz makes is unique and delicious .
1	place is expensive , but great for a special dining experience !
1	so good we are going back next week .
0	i had a fantastic experience .
1	definitely worth coming here .
1	bottom line - excellent dining experience .
1	we will definitely visit them again .
1	the food is amazing .
1	the halibut with garlic cream sauce is good .
1	the chef razz is a culinary genius !
0	never had wild boar and wild mushrooms ... .
1	the atmosphere is perfect for any special occasion !
1	such a great place .
1	great spot !
1	love razz 's .
1	we will absolutely be back again soon !
1	check out this great hidden gem in scottsdale !
1	sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
1	absolutely out of this world .
1	if you are a foodie , this is the place !
0	the roasted duck was incredible .
1	it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
1	everyone was really nice though and i would go back again .
1	great flavors .
1	it is superb .
1	been coming here for years , always friendly curteous and do an amazing job .
1	these folks are great !
1	great work , turnaround time is outstanding and very well priced .
1	thank you !
1	of course , i love crepes ( so that helps ) .
1	delicious crepes they have sweet , savory and even breakfast crepes !
1	best unique breakfast / brunch / lunch spot .
1	i 'm very happy and recommend to everyone looking for professional services .
0	everyone was extremely nice and professional .
0	everyone was very professional , competent and friendly .
1	very prompt , detailed and comforting .
1	i love the staff and the doctors .
1	the offices are convenient and very clean and comfortable .
1	they are absolutely fantastic !
1	i will continue going to this office as long as possible .
1	love them !
1	we highly recommend the center for dermatology & plastic surgery .
1	thank you guys so much .
1	great guy .
1	i highly recommend this medical practice !
1	this place has done more for myself and my family than i can imagine !
1	dr. p is nice and cool and easy to work with and very accommodating .
1	positive with your personal care and professionalism .
1	: ) ) ) )
1	awesome doctor !
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	more of a casual european feel .
1	also , staff is awesome !
1	it has the most unique atmosphere .
1	i have stopped in several times with family and have not left disappointed .
1	the place is quite and the waitstaff is laid back , but friendly .
1	i love this place .
0	the patio was cool at night with the misters .
1	other recent reviews are spot on .
1	dan , chris and sean !
1	great patio , deep pours , great selection , not pretentious at all .
1	perfect place for grabbing a casual drink !
1	come for the pour alone , and stay for a nice selection of wine .
1	what a fantastic little place .
1	great wine selection and a pretty good appetizer menu as well .
1	great wine , reasonable prices , good pours .
1	what a great place !
1	fun & friendly neighborhood wine bar .
1	great place with great wine .
1	as soon as the weather is a bit better , the patio is great .
1	beautiful on the inside and out .
1	the food is delicious .
0	everything we ordered to snack on was great as well .
1	great atmosphere and staff for a relaxing late lunch .
1	one of my new favorites !
1	amazing , friendly staff and an incredible choice of wine !
1	love this locals spot .
1	nice patio .
1	one of my favorite spots !
1	he also has guinness on tap .
1	this wine bar has an attentive staff and very romantic setting .
0	the vanilla caramel truffles were also wonderful !
1	the staff is always welcoming and helpful and the atmosphere is very relaxed .
1	we are so glad we found this cute wine bar !
1	open seating is a nice perk but the best thing is their wine club .
1	the bar keeps are very friendly and prompt with service .
1	would definitely recommend to a friend .
1	happy hour all day !
1	the staff is always very helpful about choosing the perfect wine .
1	bring them here for an easy time at a great wine bar .
1	they have a great selection of wine .
1	great service !
1	awesome atmosphere !
1	this is and will always be one of my spots !
1	the entire staff is very professional and well trained .
1	he kind & gentle , which is wonderful .
1	he does fabulous cosmetic dentistry as well ... .
1	smiling all the time !
1	excellent ... excellent ... .
1	excellent .
0	visited and enjoyed my experience here a few months ago .
1	really an amazing place you all need to see .
1	this place is amazing !
0	well , i finally did it .
1	hit them up !
1	staff very friendly .
1	this is one of the coolest guitar shops i 've been to .
1	nice staff , good prices , highly recommend .
1	and having a blast learning how to play guitar .
1	this is the best guitar shop in scottsdale , period .
1	staff is very helpful and their prices beat guitar center almost every time .
1	thanks again !
1	very friendly staff .
1	always very helpful .
1	guitar gallery rocks !
1	and let me tell you.
1	this is the best spa experience i 've ever had .
1	completely professional staff .
0	besides the good deal , our stay was just perfect .
0	i loved it .
1	very nice .
1	this is my favorite spa in the world !
1	it is an experience to just hang around the property .
1	seriously , camelback is awesome !
1	one of my favorite resorts in america .
1	a day here takes away all my worries .
1	this is my favorite resort in the us .
0	it was a spectacular event !
1	make sure to book your appointments with melanie , she is fantastic !
0	everything was very well organized .
0	we stayed recently in a very nice suite .
0	i had an excellent dinner in the outdoor restaurant .
1	really nice resort in a great location .
1	consistently one of my favorite spots which keeps me coming back year after year .
1	truly a great experience every time i come !
1	a very peaceful place .
1	i do n't know of many other places where i can get that .
0	it was well worth it .
1	their spa is fantastic !
1	highly recommend staying here .
0	my wife had two massages and thoroughly enjoyed both of them .
1	the sunday breakfast brunch is excellent and the restaurant in the spa is healthy .
1	room service is very good .
1	fantastic !
1	amazing !
1	the food is fantastic , can not wait to return .
1	the staff was amazing .
1	one of the best places to spa in the valley .
0	the spa was so relaxing and even the regular pool was amazing .
1	this place is very nice , for it being in arizona .
0	our room was very big and clean .
0	i thought that was so cool of them to remember .
1	the service spectacular .
1	amazing rooms , massage , and restaurant !
1	blt steak ... .
1	great get away or great place for a work meeting .
1	there is so much space and the pools are everywhere .
1	the most peaceful and tranquil hotel i 've ever stayed at .
1	outstanding .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	this is a fantastic resort .
1	this time for girls weekend but have also brought my family .
1	the spa is wonderful but expensive , but hey , it 's vacation right ?
1	i love this place !
1	rooms are lovely and spacious with nice patios .
1	gorgeous views , hiking available behind the property and really awesome dining .
1	great stay .
1	always a friendly hello from everyone there .
1	great resort !
1	room _num_ this time .
1	very unique setting and resort .
1	extremely nice staff .
1	good facilities and location .
0	very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality .
0	the facility was nice , quiet , and clean .
1	this is a wonderful resort .
0	met friends here for drinks , what a beautiful resort .
0	our server was great & they had a happy hour making it reasonably priced .
1	the staff is so kind .
1	highly recommend .
1	had a very relaxing weekend and will come back for sure !
1	great service food easy parking and a fantastic brunch .
1	still one of my favorite spots that keeps me coming back .
1	the atmosphere at night is so special .
1	we ate each morning at rita 's and they took great care of us .
1	best place that i have ever stayed !
1	staff is great !
1	the staff was very professional and accommodating .
1	i highly recommend this hotel .
1	best spa ever , i ca n't wait to go back again !
1	excellent place !
1	a very nice resort with beautiful grounds and nice views of the surrounding mountains .
1	the rooms were comfortable and clean and the gym and amenities are fine .
1	wonderful .
1	beautiful property with gorgeous views .
0	we had a great time here .
0	the spa was nice and relaxing .
1	other than that great place , friendly staff , and relaxing atmosphere .
1	this is our favorite resort in the scottsdale area .
1	i highly recommend this resort for its unique setting and very relaxed atmosphere .
1	this resort is such a wonderful escape !
1	it was so nice having a fireplace in the room !
1	best resort in america !
1	this place is near perfect .
1	maybe it is better just to go and eat there instead !
1	definitely try the lemonade with fresh berries .
0	we were on a mission to chill and found the perfect place .
1	stunning room , beautiful landscape , door to door service with golf carts .
1	awesome !
1	this place is uber swanky !
1	and it cant happen soon enough !
1	they often have some great vegetarian options as well.
1	the amenities are generous and attentive to detail .
0	the pools are impeccably kept and gym well maintained .
1	_num_ ) the views are amazing at sunset !
0	the $ we spent on this vacation was well worth it !
1	the view of paradise valley is awesome .
1	we will definitely stay here next time we 're in phoenix .
1	this place is absolutely to die for .
1	as a professional traveler , this place is top of the pops .
1	very nice facility .
1	pool area is nice and waitress is there when you need her .
1	staff is well trained and very professional .
1	great bed .
1	this is a fantastic property .
1	this is a great place for a romantic date .
1	exquisite can describe the location of this beautiful resort .
1	i 'm a fan .
1	very , very pricey but worth if you want a small but elegant affair .
0	diana in the sales office was a delight to worth with !
1	what an amazing property !
1	i look forward to a stay in the future !
1	felt comfortable and at home .
0	our waitress was great and kept our glasses full .
1	drinks are made by really good bartenders .
0	we got to our room and found a great layout and beautiful view .
1	best resort in the phoenix metro area .
1	gorgeous , comfortable rooms and luxurious amenities .
1	gracious and friendly staff .
1	beautiful pool and workout facilities .
1	great food , excellent service and a gorgeous view !
0	i also love the restaurant there - elements .
1	thank you rebecca for a small gesture so large from your heart .
1	amazing !
1	such a beautiful resort !
0	the service by all the staff was top notch !
1	the restaurant has very delicious food .
1	it 's a little pricey but sooooooo worth it .
1	every bite was amazing .
1	great resort !
1	happy hour is a nice option to save you a trip into town .
1	the venue is absolutely beautiful , the service and food were phenomenal .
1	great resort - perfect for a relaxing getaway !
1	it 's good to feel the experience of being a value guest .
1	this place is phenomenal .
1	they recently renovated the rooms & they 're so beautiful !
1	food and drink are top notch .
1	best view !
1	spectacular .
1	great views , great drinks .
0	we drove to this bar on a recommendation from a friend .
0	service was stellar !
1	they are also friendly and professional .
1	makes it easier to feel safe .
1	quick and affordable service .
1	so far , so good .
1	honest and no bs !
1	highly recommended !
1	best prices in the valley & good , honest people .
0	i work in scottsdale , and one day ( yesterday ) i needed gas .
1	but this place is awesome !
1	love this place !
1	top-notch service , thanks guys !
1	honest hard working guys .
1	this place rocks !
1	very clean .
1	a favorite place for more than a decade .
1	very consistent and an attentive staff that has been there for years and years .
1	put me right in the christmas spirit .
1	i 'd love to come back again .
0	i enjoyed my stay at the hotel .
1	excellent staff all around .
1	and the facility is beautiful .
1	overall wonderful experience with this resort and its staff .
1	i 'd definitely stay here again .
1	nice clean hotel with good amenities .
0	5th food was great .
1	love it !
1	i found the hotel staff to be very helpful and accommodating .
1	the suites are spacious and very clean .
1	i love this place .
0	amanda in the restuarant was very sweet and quick on the refills .
1	very clean .
1	great staff and nice place .
0	we stayed in a one bedroom suite for most of our stay .
1	amazing resort .
1	amazing staff .
1	will definitely be back .
1	nice comfortable beds .
1	great location .
1	pleasant staff and very helpful .
1	great service !
1	very friendly staff .
1	this is my favorite resort hands down !
1	we had an excellent experience which is why i am writing this review .
0	the room was spacious and very comfortable .
1	paradise valley florist is fantastic !
1	paradise valley florist is very professional , punctual on time , and reasonably priced .
0	used this florist for our wedding reception and what a great job they did .
1	my wife and i would highly recommend this florist to all .
1	thank you so much for the wonderful floral arrangement for my friends !
0	and of course the flowers were beautiful !
1	love this place and will definitely use them again .
1	this florist does amazing work , always perfect , always to my highest expectation .
1	i 've sent my wife flowers to her work twice from here .
1	friday and saturday are both incredible events as well .
1	this is such a special place .
1	the grounds are spectacular ; my newly remodeled room no .
1	the rooms are extraordinarily clean !
1	glory to jesus christ !
1	lori was absolutely fabulous and very accommodating !
1	good soups , good sandwiches , and a decent salad bar .
1	a nice quiet place to have a nice lunch .
1	i do n't care for cilantro , our server was happy to accomodate .
1	the tortilla soup and guacamole is plenty as lunch !
1	sunday brunch here is awesome !
1	great buffet and all you can drink champagne for $ _num_ .
1	friendly , prompt service .
1	location is well situated for getting into scottsdale .
1	thank you residence inn scottsdale for a wonderful stay !
1	my first time in arizona , this place is amazing !
1	besides that i love this place .
1	beautiful room , helpful staff and a great stay all together .
1	love this hotel !
1	great bike , great price , great service .
0	took it out for my first ride this morning and it was great !
1	love these guys , amazing staff always helpful and knowledgeable !
1	you can expect excellent service provided by a friendly staff .
1	always a plus in my book !
1	fantastic products , incredible prices , great people .
1	trader joe 's is the best chain grocery store ever .
1	organic food that 's good for you for affordable prices ?
1	yes please .
1	shop here and see for yourself !
1	great location in scottsdale .
1	oh how i love this store .
1	i love their frozen edamame and their carrot cake is delicious .
1	i always discover something new .
1	amazing !
0	it was fine .
1	thank you trader joe 's for existing !
1	this is definitely my favorite grocery store ( sunflower is a close second ) .
1	prices are fair , but customer service will make me go back tomorrow .
1	this trader joe 's is friendly and offers the same great tj 's products .
1	my little guy loves it too !
1	the check out staff are so friendly and helpful .
1	as every waiter at every $ _num_ dive says , `` enjoy '' .
1	the staff at this trader joe 's is fantastic !
1	thanks for the apples too !
1	clean as it gets is how i rate this one !
1	i guess that is a good thing though .
1	staff is always friendly and helpful .
1	produce is fresh and the variety is great .
1	staff is super friendly too .
1	great prices and the associates there are all very customer friendly and helpful !
1	love this store !
1	lots of organic options .
1	he is their best salesman .
1	this will always be my favorite place to shop .
1	can always get what you need here !
1	i will always be loyal to tj .
1	great grocery store !
1	they have a great organic selection and dried fruits .
1	trader joe 's is so much better than whole foods in every way .
1	and the quality is outstanding , so much better than whole foods !
1	she just loves the store and really has outstanding people skills .
1	love her and please pass this on .
1	i love this trader joe !
1	first , all trader joes are amazing with their prices .
1	i love this store !
1	the people are friendly and the selections are very good .
1	this is by far the best .
1	staff is very friendly and prices are defiantly the lowest .
1	produce and floral selection has a great variety and the price is always right .
1	they have good ready to eat selection and fresh fruit .
1	flowers here are so fresh and beautiful and priced right .
1	excellent food .
1	very good service .
1	they have an excellent selection , and a very good wine list .
1	she makes the time pass with laughter and wonderful advice .
1	she is an amazing woman and i am so happy to know her .
1	very sweet .
1	thanks angela !
1	mindy is my favorite for a good hair cut .
1	they also offer skin care services , nails , laser , etc .
1	worth a try if you need a new salon .
1	prices are reasonable for the area .
1	however , the food is outrageously good .
1	definitely high on my list .
1	the food here is absolutely delicious !
1	that duo rocks our socks !
1	great food and service .
1	with an age appropriate group it is quite enjoyable .
1	really nice place , worth it , go there .
0	we returned a few nights later and enjoyed some dessert .
1	happy hour prices look great i will definitely be back for some music !
1	we are very picky with our food and restaurants .
1	the food is very tasty and well prepared .
0	husband had a perfect manhattan he said it was perfect .
1	love it more !
1	this place definitely fits the bill .
1	service has quick and friendly .
0	was able to get seated right away and the food was delicious .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	consistently amazing food and service , _num_ .
1	happy hour specials , _num_ .
1	i have never had a bad meal here , and always great service .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	love it .
1	great ambiance , nice open kitchen , big booths .
0	this place was really nice ( and really packed at lunch time ) .
1	happy hour , lunch or dinner are all good .
1	the marinated flank steak was delicious with the sweet soy garlic dipping sauce .
1	just a really chill bar with a good crowd .
1	all good !
1	ate here again the other night - always delicious food and decent service .
1	great atmosphere and the food is top notch .
1	one of my favorite places to go for a great steak .
1	their filet mignon is fantastic .
1	food is pretty good , not fab .
1	nice looking location with indoor and outdoor seating .
1	staff are friendly and responsive .
1	their menu is large enough that there is always something for everyone .
1	a fun place to go and enjoy a meal .
1	and what a treat .
1	my fianc and i love this place !
1	their baked brie and prime rib sliders are amazing !
1	this restaurant offers something for everyone .
1	bar is excellent and offers many specials and appetizers .
1	great service and late night happy hour menu .
1	where do we head on special occasions ?
1	you are right if you said village tavern .
1	as the host they made me look good and i love looking good .
1	good portions , with pasta dishes more than enough .
1	this restaurant offers something for everyone .
1	fast service .
1	nice spot .
1	good appetizers , soup , specials are a good value .
1	nice outdoor seating area .
1	very good steak .
0	but all together we were satisfied !
1	the place is also very reasonably priced .
0	staff was great !
1	absolutely the best prime rib in scottsdale !
0	dh had the pork chops and they were great too !
0	great service and reasonably priced .
1	very comfortable yummy restaurant .
1	the the staff are very nice and seem pretty organized on the busiest nights .
1	been a fan for years and i 'm sure more years to come !
1	very clean property , and the staff is friendly .
0	i had prime rib and it was perfect .
0	coworker had the rib eye and cooked to perfection .
1	the food is fantastic , rich and well portioned .
1	it 's a great place to come and celebrate - do n't miss it !
1	prices here also seemed pretty reasonable for as nice of a restaurant it is .
1	this is the place !
1	two thumbs up !
0	sunday breakfast on the patio was great .
1	its consistent - good food , service and atmosphere .
1	this place is the best of all worlds .
1	the food is excellent .
1	the flank steak is my favorite .
0	highly recommended .
1	consistently well prepared lunches and dinners .
1	fresh salads and wonderful desserts .
1	steaks are superb .
1	always a good choice .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	it has become my favorite place for tilapia or steak .
1	simply amazing !
1	best place in scottsdale for prime rib period !
1	so obviously , this place is doing something right .
0	highly recommended .
1	perfect for a date night or family gathering .
1	their ribs are outstanding , as is most of the fish i 've tried .
1	other than that - we love this place and will keep going back .
1	take care of the public .
0	been a customer for years !
1	great night !
1	the best ribeye i ever eat !
1	good food and good service .
1	my favorite thing to order at the village tavern is the cowboy burger .
1	( hard to beat those , people ! )
1	great casual vibe with upscale tavern food and a decent wine list .
0	the combination of fudge and brownie melted in my mouth .
1	appetizer and happy hour specials great value for early dinner .
0	we thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience .
1	beware the dinner salads are big enough to feed two .
1	fourth ... and most importantly ... food .
0	so for good food and a little relaxation ... hit the tavern !
1	great specials and apps .
1	love the village tavern !
1	i 've met some great people there too .
1	excellent food especially the homemade potato chips with dip .
1	the happy hour is a great bargain .
1	top notch food .
1	very good service .
0	very reasonably priced !
1	thanks kristen and village tavern for a wonderful meal .
1	the restaurant now has a chic look now with a great bar area .
1	not the best pizza i 've ever had but very good indeed .
1	i live near this place and its the best place to take visitors !
0	the variety and the quality was truly outstanding .
0	i had the mussels ... and wow.
1	yum ... this place is great !
1	good service , convenient location and great food !
1	fresh , good quality ingredients mixed with genuine great service .
1	the artichoke pizza is wonderful , and the sausage is just right .
1	the staff are very friendly and the food is excellent .
1	both times the food was delicious .
1	i appreciate the atmosphere and decor which both are inviting .
1	great food , great service .
1	extensive menu , so there 's something for everyone .
0	all items were excellent , and affordable .
1	we love this place !
1	when you have room for dessert , their cannolis & mousse are solid choices .
1	service is always good .
1	coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
1	the best italian i have had in arizona !
0	i signed up for yelp !
1	we still love this place and it deserves the 5-star rating .
0	the service was friendly and very helpful .
0	our server made some great suggestions .
0	dinners order by my colleagues were also very good , everyone enjoyed their meals .
0	service was attentive and friendly .
1	the food was quality also , and we will be back .
1	this is good pizza , not just good pizza for arizona standards !
1	well worth the trip !
1	service has always been good too .
1	very good , fresh italian food with salads that i really enjoyed .
0	pasta dishes were also good .
1	a good value for the food quality .
1	casual atmosphere , upscale food .
1	delicious dinner on the patio last night .
1	anthony , our server , was very attentive but not hovering .
1	delightful service , atmosphere and food .
0	a great neighborhood spot that is family owned and operated .
1	our family has enjoyed coming to the cove for years .
1	the friendly owners and staff make the dining experience extra special !
0	we started off dinner with the stuffed mushrooms ( they were excellent ! )
0	overall the service was excellent but food was average .
1	highly recommend !
0	had a glass of wine , which was good as well .
0	happy hour deals looked good as well .
1	our waitress was engaging and attentive .
1	see you there .
1	i highly recommend the cove .
1	wow !
1	grilled sausage & veggie skewers are excellent .
1	great staff , all excellent & quite friendly + helpful .
1	this was our 4th time there and is quite consistent quality .
1	regular dining menu offers great selections & same wonderful service .
1	amazing pizza and that pear and walnut salad is fabulous !
0	the paired wine was also very good .
1	i definitely recommend this place .
1	the friendly staff made my birthday dinner a very memorable night .
1	the cove gets my highest approval !
1	enjoyable dinner at the cove .
1	a really nice local place with quality food , reasonable price and excellent service .
1	oh my goodness , so great !
1	great romantic ambiance .
1	plate full of delish !
1	they have great specials !
1	they are very kind to wine drinkers as well .
1	fantastic service !
1	the food was amazing as well .
1	i would highly recommend checking it out .
1	and it 's a fabulous happy hour !
1	best pizza and apps with a great bar and friendly staff .
1	worth coming by .
1	it 's a nice environment , not too fancy , but comfortable .
1	we love the cove .
1	the staff is awesome and def one of the reasons we keep going back .
1	food is always great and the service is always top notch .
1	this is definitely one of my go to date night places !
1	the service is always impeccable and courteous .
1	the wine selection is nice and the pasta is to die for .
1	it 's so good !
0	our waitress was very professional and served us well .
1	perfect for a lunch or dinner date .
1	best filet and steak salad .
0	fabulous service tonight and it was crowded !
1	kids working are always friendly .
1	everything is always fresh made .
1	still has the mr misty freeze .
1	this is a family favorite and has been here for years !
1	clean , quick , friendly service .
1	thanks !
1	portions are generous and dishes extremely tasty and authentic ( family owned ) !
1	the food here is delicious !
1	i will definitely be back .
1	this was the best meal i have had since moving to arizona .
0	the appetizer was wonderful .
1	finally a `` real '' family run italian restaurant in the area .
1	authentic italian food .
1	the staff is very friendly , professional , and accommodating .
1	there is nothing that could be done better here - top notch !
1	i highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great dental practice .
1	scottsdale smile center has customer service down to an art .
1	the staff is friendly and concerned about your comfort .
1	simply the best .
1	truly a professional dental office .
1	i love this place !
1	i 've seen both vets and they are both amazing !
1	it 's also very affordable !
1	i will be back again and again !
1	i definitely recommend it .
1	she is much better now .
1	such a cute touch .
1	great place highly recommend !
1	his staff is professional , informative and patient .
1	i would recommend them to anyone !
0	and attentive and were very good with oscar .
1	this place is absolutely amazing .
1	i love this place .
0	i took her in and the doctor was very punctual and nice .
1	and hands down , the best nail trim my dog has ever had !
1	i will definitely be coming back here .
1	i love this place .
1	there is more to it than i thought .
0	enjoyed the steak .
1	lovely restaurant .
1	this place has it together ; service and food .
1	i recommend the sweet potato casserole with pecan crust for a side .
1	asparagus & sweet potatoes along side .
1	great decor and friendly staff .
1	good wine list and scotch list .
1	best steak i have ever eaten is at ruth 's chris steakhouse .
1	being an upscale place be prepared to take a hit in the wallet .
1	the food is amazing and the service is exceptional .
1	customer service is everything to me !
1	and the service impeccable .
1	the best filet , great service .
1	_num_ star service and food .
1	steaks ... .
1	fantastic !
1	by far the best steak i 've ever had !
1	everything here is beyond expectation and the service here is world class !
1	this is my favorite steak house in all of the land !
1	this is my favorite steak house for sure .
0	prime rib burger was super delicious !
1	great service at this location .
1	we will be back on our next trip into town .
1	top notch service & the best filet mignon in the world .
1	never let down , always the best from start to finish .
1	the prices are high , but the whole experience is worth it .
1	great service , tasty steak .
1	highly recommend the filet or the filet with shrimp .
1	the dining experience was perfect , from beginning to end .
1	glad we went & will definitely be back .
1	consistently great service .
1	fantastic service every time !
0	it was an anniversary for us and they made it special .
1	i will say ruth 's chris is consistent when providing quality food and service .
1	one of my favorite places to go for a great meal .
1	awesome meal !
1	delightful !
1	the side dishes are generous in their proportions .
1	they were wonderful , the food and service is the best .
1	probably the 2nd best steak i 've had .
1	the cocktails , wine and drinks have always been solid .
0	everything was delicious .
0	service was so friendly and attentive .
1	warm and upscale but comfortable atmosphere .
1	a very nice dining experience .
1	lamb chops to steak , it 's all good .
1	sides are amazing and service is 2nd to none .
1	excellent steaks , wine , and choices of bourbon .
1	awesome .
1	the best place to get a steak , anywhere .
1	great service , i mean really truly attentive service .
1	lovely ambience and a menu that can not be beat .
1	the steaks are amazingly prepared and the sides are served family style .
1	love the steaks here !
1	best happy hour in town !
1	the happy hour is just as good !
1	i recommend everything .
1	excellent selection and will definitely keep this place in mind for another special occasion .
1	the best steak on the planet !
1	a bit pricey , but worth it !
1	i am not a huge steak person but i did enjoy this place .
1	very tasty !
1	i 've been there twice and each time our service has been excellent .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
0	the steaks and lamb chop were outstanding , even their stuffed mushrooms were flavorful .
1	we will be back again next year !
1	if you have the money , it 's soooo worth the $ $ .
0	bread was great .
1	happy hour !
1	all delicious .
1	and worth it .
0	we loved it !
1	the side dishes are excellent .
1	best steak i think i 've ever had !
1	food is always consistent !
0	we had the steak sandwich and burger which were delicious and cheap !
1	she is friendly to everyone , very knowledgeable and really on top of it !
1	amazing food .
0	we had a great time .
1	the service is always on par .
1	the food is good .
1	all in all it was great experience and i would eat there again .
1	always our favorite .
0	special occasion was for my lovely wife 's birthday .
1	very impressed !
1	goodness gracious .
1	the food was amazing .
1	it really is the best food i have ever eaten .
1	we always look forward to our next visit !
1	i also recommend getting the blue cheese crust on top of the ribeye .
0	the staff were fantastic and really attentive .
0	our waiter ( did n't catch his name ) was great & very attentive .
1	we had an amazing experience celebrating our anniversary .
1	the seabass , sweet potato casserole and asparagus delicious !
1	and they are all consistent in taste .
1	the steak is cooked to perfection .
1	the side dishes are made in heaven .
1	best steak ever !
1	the service as always is excellent and so is the food .
1	great birthday experience !
1	i would recommend this establishment to anyone looking for an evening to remember .
1	food is amazing too .
1	was even able to meet the chef , which is a great thing .
1	have been going here for years , love it .
1	she is super sweet and easy to talk to .
1	best put , she gets it .
1	i would highly recommend this dry cleaner , great service , great price .
1	we 'll be customers for a long time to come !
1	it is however worth every penny !
1	i would recommend her to anyone !
1	oh and she gives a fantastic scalp massage too !
1	i have been happy every single time i 've gone .
1	he knows exactly what he is doing and he loves what he does .
1	amanda 's the best , and i wo n't go to anyone but her !
0	i felt stunning and did n't have a lick of makeup on my face .
1	i love greg .
1	the salon is very clean and stylish .
1	the people are very nice wonderful salon .
0	got a fabulous new haircut from dustin !
1	he is the best i 've seen in a long time .
1	thanks , dustin !
1	amanda is great .
1	an appointment today with amanda .
1	best salon in az !
1	he has a passion for hair and truly enjoys what he does .
1	kendra nails it each and every time .
1	thank you , shannon and rumors !
1	will definitely be back !
1	thanks for great service !
1	highly recommend shannon and the salon !
1	great with cut color and style !
1	she nails my color request every time and i leave that place looking amazing .
1	i highly recommend her !
1	excellent service !
1	my hair always looks great !
1	i see molly and she is a doll !
1	amanda is awesome !
1	i highly recommend seeing her for your next hair need .
1	thank you dustin for my amazing hair !
1	i 'm so happy that i 've found a new hair salon .
1	i would recommend tori to anyone !
1	she really gets my style and i trust her .
1	her passion is color and she is very talented at it .
1	wow !
0	she did a marvelous job on my hair !
1	he has _num_ % of my confidence .
1	thanks becky !
1	excellent stylist and demeanor .
1	always a great experience here !
1	clearly , she 's versatile .
1	rumors is a great salon .
1	highly recommend the salon .
0	she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did !
1	i have definitely found my new stylist ; she is great !
1	definitely a great find !
1	rumors is my new place and kayla is my new stylist !
0	i had a great experience with rumors !
1	my hair always looks gorgeous .
1	the facility is beautiful too and the staff is professional .
1	super professional and so sweet .
1	thank you !
0	so colored it back in dark brown july _num_ .
1	very pleased with my new stylist !
1	she is so personable and professional , and delivers excellent results every time !
1	the staff is sweet .
1	the salon is huge and very clean .
1	great location .
0	she was sweet and took her time making sure my hair looked perfect !
1	i love my hair and will definitely be returning .
1	tori is amazing !
1	i love razor cuts and she is great with the razor .
0	regardless of that the food was outstanding .
1	it is rather expensive , but well worth it .
1	great for date night or a family celebration .
1	such a cute little tea party !
0	we came with a bunch of little girls and they felt so special .
1	excellent dry cleaner !
1	great service !
1	this is really as good as it gets - consistently great quality .
1	we feel so blessed to have our four children attend christ church school .
1	just one word outstanding .
1	great people , great service .
1	thanks a lot for your help through out the years .
1	this is a boutique program serving an elite group of families with young children .
1	arizona heat !
1	you 'll see lots of learning and playing in every corner .
1	this is truly the most wonderful school you will find in the valley .
1	another romantic spot .
1	the place is gorgeous and definitely a date place .
1	thanks for always making us have a good time , lon 's .
1	excellent food , service and ambience .
1	great food , good wine , great service and the ambiance was amazing .
1	give this place a try for a very romantic dinner with excellent food .
1	what a wonderful meal .
0	the short ribs were amazing , as were the baby carrots .
0	it was my first time here and i loved this restaurant .
1	the wine list is extensive with lots of unique choices .
1	use for a romantic event .
1	great place for when you want to enjoy desert views and outdoor seating .
1	the bartender also mixed perfect drinks all around .
0	both were great .
1	will keep it simple .
1	the outdoor dining is area is second to none and the grounds are charming .
1	the smell , look , and ambiance of this place is incredible .
1	small , cozy rooms make for intimate and romantic meals .
1	the food is special , wines are terrific , and the desserts tasty .
1	gorgeous tranquil outdoor seating .
0	waitstaff was fantastic too .
1	the food is fantastic , the service is superb and the setting is spectacular !
0	the tortilla soup and the halibut were delicious .
1	the food is very fresh with herbs from their onsite , organic garden .
1	great food and service .
1	it 's really something to see .
1	food is very good but not unique .
1	neat setting in a very high end residential area .
1	great place !
0	the bar staff inside was very friendly and a pleasure to be around .
0	i had lunch at lon 's and wow , what a great experience .
1	great food , great service and great ambiance outside .
1	ambiance and the food .
0	the service was great .
1	what a beautiful treasure !
1	utterly fantastic !
1	very high quality food in a good atmosphere .
1	i love this part of town and how tucked away the restaurant is .
1	i highly recommend lon 's especially for a special celebration .
1	we at at lon 's for our anniversary celebration a few weeks ago .
1	nice touches for sure .
1	such a beautiful property !
1	breakfast or brunch at lon 's is consistently delicious .
1	good service .
1	they really put effort into new years eve .
1	wonderful .
0	all were delicious .
1	wonderful atmosphere out in the patio while listening to some older cowboy music .
1	my meal was fantastic and a perfect ending to my trip to arizona .
1	i 'd highly recommend lon 's .
1	good wine list .
1	they also have super accessible specials to make a truly happy , happy hour !
1	they make seasonal dishes and have a interesting menu .
1	this is a special place .
0	i enjoyed an awesome preparation of halibut with mexican shrimp and chorizo .
0	and i had the short ribs , both absolutely delicious .
0	the outdoor patio was great and made the dinning experience that much better .
1	very professional staff , with a great balance of service and friendliness .
0	the service was top notch and the food was a bit of heaven .
1	great spot !
1	cool decor and wonderful food .
1	the food is beyond amazing and so is the service .
1	great ambiance inside or outside .
0	a friend recommended lon 's , and i am thankful that she did .
1	perfect atmosphere , great patio , impeccable service , and wonderful food .
1	excellent place for business or pleasure .
1	they have wonderful indoor and outdoor seating .
1	this restaurant is always a treat .
1	great food and great service .
1	the outside area is a wonderful experience .
1	hands down one of the best in town .
1	awesome food , service and ambiance .
1	great whiskey list too .
1	the patio here is absolutely amazing .
1	gorgeous .
1	nice live band .
1	very romantic .
0	it was delicious !
1	what a wonderful restaurant .
1	i can tell you that lon 's treated us like celebrities .
1	the ambiance is wonderful when seated outside .
0	had a delightful late lunch on the patio .
0	i loved it !
0	service and atmosphere was great .
0	our bartender was very nice .
1	gorgeous flowers , music , ambiance - they 've got it down .
1	lon 's is also terrific indoors .
1	service is great !
1	food is absolutely delicious and the ambience is just perfect .
1	it 's a great place for a date or entertaining business associates .
1	lon 's is always amazing for drinks and apps under the stars .
1	always enjoy coming here with my family !
1	quaint restaurant off the beaten path .
1	the service is attentive .
1	unparalleled .
0	the beet salad was quite unique .
1	absolutely superb in every way !
1	amazing dining experience .
1	everything about this experience was amazing .
1	the food , the service and the exceptional ambiance .
1	i ca n't imagine a more amazing night !
1	uniquely cool !
1	the most beautiful atmosphere in phoenix .
1	lon 's is back amongst my top _num_ restaurant picks !
1	fantastic food and awesome service !
1	thanks to the staff !
1	thank you so much for making the night special .
1	perfect getaway with your spouse .
1	what an amazing experience !
0	we felt very welcome .
1	what a wonderfully pleasant surprise !
1	very nice .
1	i would definitely come here again .
1	an arizona classic .
1	gracious service , great rooms , and lovely surroundings make for a great time .
1	a must do place .
0	the kids liked him .
1	he does n't come cheap - but he 's worth every penny .
0	that made me very happy !
1	his staff is very helpful and friendly too !
1	very welcoming and relaxed .
1	i highly recommend going to this church !
1	it is bible based and to the point !
1	the kids program is great my _num_ year old loves going to sunday school .
1	they also have an awesome band .
1	i love their viet .
1	best !
1	it is so large i have lunch for the next day .
1	love being able to order online and customize my families orders .
0	it was hot , delicious and just as we expected .
1	nice atmosphere and easy to get in and out for a quick meal .
1	love this place .
1	they have great vegetarian options .
0	well they did it right with pei wei .
0	and we had excellent fast service when we went .
1	this is the best pei wei in the area .
1	stop by if you have a chance it 's worth it .
1	you get lots of different options and the prices are pretty reasonable .
1	customer service is better than i anticipated since it 's technically fast food .
0	our first time to a pei wei and we enjoyed it .
1	the steam option is nice for health conscious .
1	price is reasonable .
1	great food !
1	good diverse asian cuisine .
1	great finds for great deals !
1	great place also to take those clothes u never wear for trade !
1	best consignment store hands down !
1	best breakfast in town for quick & easy !
1	i love coming here for breakfast/brunch , especially since they serve it until 2pm .
1	great breakfast - food and service .
1	the staff was friendly and there are interesting decorations on display .
1	great staff , great food and the value is much appreciated .
1	excellent food , excellent sevice even with _num_ people in our party .
1	nice people , good food , friendly service .
1	i will always love this place .
1	it is a diner , and that is the type of food it is .
1	good food friendly service and a great location .
1	good place to bring out of town guests for breakfast .
1	give this place a shot and get a blast from the past .
1	will be going back for sure !
1	very good .
1	very friendly .
1	it has a more homestyle friendly cracker barrel type restaurant feel to it .
1	food is decent but nothing exciting .
1	the staff is friendly and efficient ; the drive through is very handy .
1	my clothing is always beautifully cleaned and pressed and their prices are quite reasonable .
1	i am extremely pleased with the results , and also with the service .
1	thanks !
0	very pleased with the overall professionalism , cleanliness and service provided !
1	even at full price their services would be worth it .
0	i have recommended them to several friends based on my positive experience .
1	i love this salon !
1	i am loving the results !
1	i will definately be going back and would highly recommend this place to all .
1	the staff is always friendly and accommodating and my technician does a great job .
1	great experience .
1	i bought the package of _num_ , so im hoping for great results !
1	very very clean , great ambience , and an awesome staff .
1	i 'd recommend using them if you 're interested in any of their services .
1	the staff here at this location are awesome .
1	its easy to see that all of the employees take pride in the business .
1	these folks are amazing !
1	many animals to look at up close and personal .
1	highly recommended for the animal lovers out there .
1	very educational and the tours are small in size .
0	absolutely loved the experience !
0	we had a great tour .
0	our guide was knowledgeable and entertaining .
1	they do great work and deserve community support .
1	i love this place .
1	she also does interior decorating .
1	well , yeah ... look at the location .
1	he 's terrific .
1	a truly nice man that really knows his business .
1	the selection of eyewear is excellent .
1	i will be having my husband coming as well .
1	the staff are courteous , friendly and excellent at their job .
1	i highly reccommend this practice to everyone .
1	thanks for the many years of excellent care !
1	i really like the selection of frames and service .
1	awesome !
1	the entire office is friendly and efficient .
1	i would highly recommend pinnacle peak eye care !
1	he is _num_ star competent and a total gentleman .
0	i 've moved a lot and have had to change doctors many times .
0	store was clean fresh and easy to find exactly what i was looking for .
1	always in great condition , like new clothes .
1	tammy knows her trade and is a joy to work with .
0	nice shopping for gently used clothing , some had new tags still on .
0	tammy and lynn were so so awesome .
1	they bake their bread fresh everyday and it melts in your mouth .
1	: ) awesome service !
1	best bank ever !
0	enjoyed our lunch here today .
0	the staff were very friendly and attentive and our iced teas remained topped up .
1	to update the fish and chips are delectable as is the corned beef sandwich .
1	i like this restaurant .
1	it is friendly and very family - like .
1	the menu and the chef is _num_ star phenomenal !
1	this domino 's makes great food !
1	it 's a shop filled with something for everyone .
1	cute things at reasonable prices .
1	staff super nice , concierge really helpful !
1	i had a really fun time exploring scottsdale and phoenix !
1	would love to stay here again !
1	pool very nice .
1	chris in management ; she is truly a gem .
1	everyone that i have met here is very nice and accomodating .
1	they are very experienced and focused on customer service .
1	this place is great !
1	cowboy smiles as soon as we pull in the parking lot .
1	he loves being there .
1	thank you everybody !
1	great facility and friendly staff .
1	he shows genuine interest and concern for any issues you bring to his attention .
1	you will be at ease !
0	he was so informative and caring of my little dog !
1	this place is great !
1	my dog has a fabulous time coming here !
1	the staff is wonderful !
1	the receptionists always recognize him and greet him with smiles .
1	we love it !
1	thanks for taking such good care of my best friend !
1	high recommend !
1	great place for your pet .
1	the doctor is very honest man .
1	drop off and pick up is efficient .
1	love this place .
0	the technicians were very patient and interested in our dog and family concerns .
1	i highly recommend this vet !
1	we love the environment and the staff .
1	i especially love how the staff are attentive .
1	i highly recommend for all dog parents out there !
1	prices are reasonable , for the most part .
1	i would and have recommended this company !
1	everyone was so sweet , caring and loving .
0	the staff are so friendly and answered any questions we had .
1	i recommend the veal tortellini .
1	this place is awesome .
1	next time we are in scottsdale , we will be back !
1	elegant , adult , atmosphere .
1	amazing food .
1	it 's cozy and cute .
1	a half order is plenty and will amaze you .
1	exquisite spaghetti carbonara and attentive service .
1	good happy hour and live entertainment .
1	the escargot is also fantastic as well .
1	amazing italian food .
1	the desserts are great , they have a good wine selection and phenomenal service .
0	meals were great and full of flavor .
1	the food speaks for itself !
1	wow !
0	we had four spoons , one order , just the right amount !
1	the restaurant has a great vibe .
1	a pretty solid italian experience .
1	food and service elegant and excellant .
1	hands on ownership always good to see !
1	the restaurant is elegant with a menu to match .
1	great help on wine selection and appetizers for happy hour !
1	thank you so much !
1	i recommend the shrimp appetizer and the pizza !
1	really great service and relaxing atmosphere .
0	our pharmacist was friendly and patient .
1	the store is clean and well laid out .
1	great location near aj 's .
1	best dry cleaners in scottsdale .
1	super fast and efficient !
1	this location is fab for many reasons .
1	the renovation is awesome !
1	the staff is super nice and helpful .
1	best place in phoenix for equipment .
1	staff is very helpful .
1	excellent facility .
1	both times i received excellent , personalized , caring service .
1	what a beautiful facility .
1	would recommend this self storage complex along with just in time moving company .
1	absolutely great customer service .
1	excellent storage facility .
1	management helpful and friendly .
1	~ the wine list , which includes some unexpected delights .
1	next favorite is the steak sandwich .
1	it 's a beautiful setting !
1	i 'm also a huge fan of their halibut .
1	what a beautiful location over looking the pond and the golf course .
1	nice place !
1	a truly first class golf course and must play when in scottsdale .
1	kids are welcome to be kids !
1	the patios are superb .
1	we have many favorites , but i really enjoyed the quinoa salad this week !
1	i think this is an absolutely premier course .
1	course was in great shape and the staff is very friendly and helpful .
1	it 's a nice course .
1	great patio to sit when the weather is nice .
1	overall a great spot to golf with some fantastic views and friendly staff .
0	and our kids ( _num_ and _num_ ) loved it .
1	a new tradition starts this year !
0	loved it .
1	they really stay in character and it makes it very fun .
1	really cool , especially since there is n't anything like this where i live .
1	great steaks !
1	my favorite is still the t-bone ... also order the jalapeno muffins .
1	really fun , characters are fantastic .
1	good time for all ages .
1	it has a lot to offer compared to just a regular restaurant .
1	probably the best bbq buffet i 've ever had .
1	its a excellent place to go for the whole family .
0	loved it !
1	margaritas from pete are the best - dinner in the steakhouse is always extraordinary !
0	gun fight show was fun to watch .
1	but the steak ... .
1	and the restaurant serves rattlesnake !
1	good for families with kids too .
1	talk about a surprise !
0	this restaurant was an experience in food and entertainment .
0	it was a really cool experience to set the tone .
1	( brave me ! )
1	the gun fight show are awesome and looked real with added humor !
1	this would be a great trip for out-of-town visitors , especially kids .
1	great for families .
1	we enjoyed the large portions and live music while dining .
1	they have a nice salad bar too .
1	the service is always very friendly and the food is so amazing !
1	my family loves this place .
0	our little blonde waitress melanie was friendly and nice .
1	worth checking out for sure .
1	this was my first time playing this course and is is well maintained .
1	i would recommend her to anyone !
1	the staff is the best .
1	they are always efficient and their sandwiches are consistently good and taste fresh .
1	the staff is always friendly and eager to please .
1	very authentic japanese in an elegant , clean , and inviting atmosphere .
1	yum , yum and yum !
1	a neighbor introduced me to this gem and am i certainly appreciative !
1	five stars , easy !
1	if you want phenomenal sushi , this is the place to be .
0	everything we had here -- and we ate a ton -- was fantastic .
1	this is hands down the best sushi in scottsdale !
1	the fish is so fresh and mo is awesome , meticulous , and fun !
1	i know you will find him charming , knowledgeable and fun to talk to .
1	this place rocks !
1	i 'm a new `` regular '' and i like it !
1	its the best !
1	it 's a really great , simple place .
1	love this place- food is fresh and tasty , exactly what sushi should be .
1	seriously the best sushi in town .
1	best quality fish in the valley !
1	but you pay for the quality .
1	everything is fresh and delicious .
1	all you need to know : fresh fish .
1	very conversational and personable , oh ... and he makes some absolutely delicious sushi !
1	will be going back and definitely recommend .
1	best sushi in the whole valley !
1	one of the owners , moe , is incredible .
1	definitely ask for the hand roll !
1	best sushi i 've had on the west coast .
1	this will be hard to top so new go to sushi place .
1	for presentation i would only give it a slightly above par .
1	nice !
1	the staff is very nice and accommodating and the rooms were cleaned very well .
1	i love this hotel .
1	quiet , convenient , clean , close to restaurants and a wine bar .
1	stayed here for just two nights and the facility is in pretty good shape .
1	it 's kind of hidden behind a restaurant and office buildings .
1	seriously the nicest staff ever .
1	we are from out of town and have had a great stay here !
1	excellent .
1	love it !
1	thank you !
1	he 's really helped me and my business out by doing so .
1	the curries are excellent and the service is always quick and friendly .
1	and the restaurant is extremely clean !
1	thai pan has the most amazing thai noodles and curries !
1	everything is very fresh , high quality and prepared to order .
1	thai pan is yet another new favorite entirely due to yelpers ' recommendations .
1	the couple that owns it is super nice .
1	please please open a location further south !
0	the place was clean , service friendly and prompt and the prices were reasonable .
1	give it a shot , especially the curries .
1	this makes the service very fast .
1	the staff are also wonderful and very friendly .
1	if you are craving thai this is the spot .
1	best wishes to mark and his family .
1	doctors and staff are wonderful and painless .
1	they will always find the time to see you in a pinch !
1	you feel like family every time you go in .
1	every person there is highly qualified and very professional .
1	the staff is great and pays attention .
1	everyone is always willing to help .
1	i wish every could have had such a great experience .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone with high marks .
0	my face looked and felt amazing after .
1	i am so pleased with my surgery as well !
1	what an amazing team !
1	extraordinarily professional both he and his staff .
0	i really loved the resort .
1	it is a very nice place and the staff are very friendly .
0	the resort and service was great .
0	i really liked this place .
0	front desk staff were really nice .
1	he is always willing to go out of his way to help !
1	also , nice pool facilities and clean , big rooms .
1	enjoyable experience !
1	another great holiday at this fantastic resort .
1	everyone that works there are very helpful and kind !
0	stayed here over a weekend with our toddler .
1	this sheraton keeps its employees and manages the property very well .
1	people who work here are good at what they do and are very pleasant .
1	great resort for the money !
1	it was a home away from home staying here !
1	everyone is friendly and really make you feel welcome .
1	thank you for a wonderful stay .
1	food is excellent and the waitstaff is friendly .
0	sorry to report nice neighborhood place closed .
0	my kiddo had friends after the first day !
1	great cleaners .
1	i love this cleaners !
1	the drive-thru is very convenient .
1	the owners are so nice that i like supporting their business .
1	they are consistantly friendly and efficient .
1	the best veterinarian and staff !
1	dr. lopez and her staff are the best !
1	i would recommend dc animal hospital to everyone .
1	she is very thorough in her exam and treatment options .
1	they treat you like a friend .
1	every time i go there , me and my family have a wonderful experience .
1	i recommend to my friends all the time !
1	great job guys !
0	robin - well done , you .
1	buyer beware .
1	great to have them close by .
1	thanks for the great service .
1	also , the service is always great and they are on top of things .
1	every time i come here i always expect the best .
1	great menu !
1	i especially love the croissants and often we ask for basket for the table .
0	i especially enjoyed the spinach dip .
0	our young man server was very sweet and pleasant .
1	i had a huge chicken salad so good i could have it every day .
1	come to new york !
1	our family eats here everytime we come to scottsdale .
1	food is good as is the service .
1	great peppery taste though !
0	tried charleston 's , the food was great .
1	nice environment for lunch or dinner .
0	i ordered the salmon caesar salad , which i loved .
0	my dad ordered the roasted chicken and thought it was very juicy and tender .
1	i highly recommend eating here !
1	always a treat !
1	the food is top quality and very well prepared .
1	a great place for upscale comfort food !
1	the ambiance of the place is nice too .
1	the baked potato soup is wonderful !
1	best veggies ever with the ribs !
1	best prime rib going !
1	consistent and excellent .
1	it is served with a warm croissant and the garlic dressing is the best .
1	all in all this is a great place for lunch or dinner .
1	food is good .
1	nice casual atmosphere .
1	their side dishes are great as well .
1	another great time at charleston 's .
1	will definitely come here again .
1	management seemed great and the bathrooms clean .
1	the baked potato soup is always perfection .
1	love love love !
1	such a family restaurant !
0	ribs were a huge hit .
1	definitely would eat here again !
1	thank you so much for a great evening !
1	this place is highly recommended !
0	my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it .
1	good food .
1	good service .
0	everything we ordered was fantastic .
1	i love this place !
0	filet was perfect .
0	service was great .
1	charleston 's is first class !
1	she has a great balance of professionalism and friendliness .
1	excellent touch .
1	kudos to the chef and his staff for always putting out such wonderful food .
1	best steaks , best salads ( blue cheese ) , and great fast service .
0	always served piping served hot .
1	no cheap well drinks at happy hour .
1	regular drinks are $ _num_ off , but use great spirits .
1	my husband has the reuben sandwich and likes it .
1	amazing soups , sandwiches , salads , etc .
1	he was amazing !
1	very good restaurant !
1	excellent food and service for lunch last week .
1	very good food and great friendly service .
1	kudos to you charleston 's !
1	great place for a hearty meal and not expensive !
0	my husband ordered a medium rare steak that came very rare .
1	generally the food is pretty good .
1	the service is always pretty nice .
1	overall this is a nice place to have dinner .
1	i will happily meet them there for dinner !
1	such wonderful food and service .
1	great spot !
1	the staff is always so friendly and accommodating .
1	we always order the prime rib and it 's delicious .
1	our kids love the butter noodles .
0	the dish came very fast ( _num_ minutes ) and the service was great .
1	definitely one of my favorite restaurants !
1	the food is fresh and well prepared .
1	fast , friendly , attentive service .
1	side salad comes with bacon and a croissant !
1	the place is nice to hang out with friends .
1	great place to have prime rib and ribs .
1	the famous french dip is absolutely amazing .
1	these folks seem to have their act well together .
1	wife thoroughly enjoyed her kale salad , cocktails are excellent .
0	the croissants were delicious .
1	overall i would recommend going here .
1	highly recommend .
1	he is highly professional , well spoken , and does a great job .
1	it was a great experience from making my appointment to payment .
1	this is our first time with amazing carpet and i could n't be happier .
0	the price was perfect and a job very well done .
1	always on time , do a great job and enjoyable to chat with .
1	thanks again rick and pam .
1	he takes pride in doing a very thorough job .
1	rick is very professional and respectful of your home .
1	thank you for the great service .
1	wow .
1	beautiful course and the clubhouse is very elegant !
1	beautiful views , great decor & comfortable atmosphere .
1	best selection of pottery in the valley .
0	we got some really great plants and pots for our house .
1	great customer service , lots of plants , cactus and the most amazing pottery .
1	great service , efficiency , and all round a great experience .
1	reasonable , knowledgeable , and super helpful .
0	i got ta tell you ... .
1	my yard is beautiful !
1	everyone that works here is great .
1	wow .
1	the facilities are top-notch , however , my massage left me a little unimpressed .
1	very happy with the results .
1	for both the staff were nice but again service will vary .
1	truly a 5-star venue .
1	love this spa !
1	an excellent spa for the ultimate in pampering and relaxation .
1	great spa with awesome staff .
1	my mom likes it too .
1	she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
1	highly recommend this particular spa .
1	the best spa & overall facility that i 've ever been to .
1	going on a weekday is recommended .
1	i have received several services here and each has been first rate .
1	highly recommend .
1	the spa facilities are probably my favorite of all the resorts here .
0	i had a massage with valerie and she did a great job .
1	i highly suggest the upgrade ; definitely worth it .
1	what a beautiful spot .
1	the spa itself is beautiful with lots of treatment options .
1	the staff is knowledgable , patient and professional .
1	the rooftop pool is gorgeous and lunch was excellent to boot !
1	highly recommended and will definitely return to this beautiful desert oasis .
1	beautiful & relaxing spa .
1	one of the best spas i 've been too .
1	this an absolutely gorgeous spa !
1	the amenities and products top notch .
1	i am so happy with my experience .
1	he is wonderful .
1	the staff is always warm and friendly .
1	the best dentist and staff in az by far !
1	thank god for this office .
1	you ca n't beat the wings , absolutely love them .
1	the second location has excellent sandwiches .
1	his staff is also amazing and so helpful !
0	she was so patient , kind and understanding .
1	dr rick and the staff are wonderful .
1	clean , comfortable and relaxing .
1	sara is the best !
1	dr. rick is awesome as well !
1	i love the new location it 's so modern and clean .
1	overall - great experience and would definitely go back !
1	, great view !
1	amazing .
1	this is one of the best restaurants i have ever been to .
1	the view is also really nice .
0	it was a great atmosphere and the staff members were extremely nice and personable .
0	i was n't expecting much , but to my delight i loved this place !
1	the pizza is quite possibly the best in town .
1	also , the staff is always friendly .
1	and it melts in your mouth the way good milk chocolate should .
1	great for gifts !
1	i recommend everyone there .
1	the office is amazing and the care was great !
0	also , the staff was very courteous and friendly .
1	best chinese food i have tried in scottsdale .
1	jade palace in north scottsdale is our favorite chinese food in town .
1	his chinese new year meal is spectacular and requires reservations .
1	this food is fast , fresh and they pour a great drink !
1	manager hugh ( cousin of the owner ) always makes everyone welcome and happy .
1	tasty food , classy atmosphere and live music on weekends .
1	it 's always the first place i eat at when returning to scottsdale .
1	all great .
1	the food is always good here .
1	definitely , try the egg rolls !
1	i love jade palace !
1	soups are excellent as are the ribs , eggrolls and other classics !
1	it 's delicious .
0	the service was very good .
1	the thing that will keep you coming back is the food .
1	incredible food , unbelievably perfect customer service .
0	was brought here with some good friends from work .
1	attractive dining room .
0	for our first visit to the north scottsdale location we had a great time !
0	my wife 's moo shu pork was very good also .
1	absolutely delicious !
1	still my go to for great chinese !
1	food was amazing .
1	everyone is amazing and they have a great front office staff !
1	they are also pretty good in case of emergency as well .
1	i highly recommend bringing your loved one ( s ) here .
1	the entire staff seem passionate about what they do .
1	i 'm always so grateful to their staff for this .
1	wonderful staff and knowledgeable vets .
1	another bonus is the homemade pita ... delicious !
1	the food is exceptional and the service is quick and attentive .
1	everything we ate was healthy , filling and delicious .
0	we did top off dinner with some really good pistachio type ice cream .
1	they give you large helpings of food .
1	and yes i can eat all of it .
1	this place is good .
1	the food is phenomenal .
1	if you want to serve it family style , please ask first .
1	`` `` '' '' good food .
1	but its a great place to dine at for any occasion .
1	everything is fresh and cooked to order .
1	the entrees are amazing .
1	portions are huge , my wife and i always share .
1	the persian room is excellent in all aspects .
1	the food is incredibly delicious , flavorful , and authentic .
1	finally someone in scottsdale that knows how to make hummus the right way .
1	unbelievably delicious !
1	a bit pricey , but , worth it .
1	the fresh baked on site bread is amazing !
1	delicious !
1	good service and very good food .
1	this restaurant is a real gem in north scottsdale .
1	thanks .
1	the service and decor are first class .
1	we just love the feel of a high end persian restaurant .
1	holy cow !
1	great service , amazing atmosphere , and incredible food !
1	we would definitely recommend this to all of our friends .
1	my husband and i love this restaurant .
1	the food and service are great .
1	i absolutely love this restaurant .
1	this is really good persian food .
1	the hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic .
1	great environment and great food .
1	the chicken is very juicy and flavorful .
1	wonderful staff .
0	it was wonderful .
0	rice was excellent , meat very tender .
1	recommend for a date or nice evening party .
1	hope to go back soon .
1	wonderful home made bread and dough ( yogurt drink ) .
1	the share for two can easily feed four !
0	dessert was great , and the meats were cooked to temperature .
1	this always satisfies my persian food craving .
1	its also great as takeout .
1	combination kabobs are excellent .
1	wonderful treatment of rice .
1	totally recommend !
1	great tasting persian food .
1	great food !
1	awesome food !
1	everything is very very fresh and the service is good .
1	i 'm a regular at this place , and for very good reason .
1	delicious food .
0	fresh baked bread made close to our table .
1	very helpful .
1	a fine experience .
1	we eat there at least once a week , for many years .
1	atmosphere is suitable for either - classy .
1	food is delicious , and not your standard fare .
1	i 'll continue to go back .
1	great persian restaurant !
1	persian ( rose water ) ice cream with baklava is my personal favorite !
1	it also looks like they give you a free dessert for your birthday !
1	huge portions and consistently good !
0	always crowded .
1	the perfect business or executive lunch .
1	great wine and desert selections , especially the roulette .
1	overall we have a great time .
1	persian room definitely does n't disappoint .
1	love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs .
1	always love this place .
1	i 'll definitely be back and try to explore the menu a little more .
1	this dish is fantastic .
1	very good restaurant .
1	one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .
1	i can say this is the best persian food you can find around here .
1	their bread is baked fresh and is devine as well .
1	love this place and ca n't wait to go back !
1	this is definitely good persian food .
1	wonderful experience , a little pricey .
1	it 's a great place to share dishes with friends .
1	the servings are generous so everyone can get a taste of something different .
0	my dad got a gift card and took us .
1	and the best part ... they are always consistent with the food quality !
1	the hummus is great .
1	nice , calm atmosphere .
1	waiters are always pleasant and helpful .
1	fulfilling for dinner and enough for leftovers .
0	service was good and food was piping hot off the grill .
1	the bread is amazing !
1	would def recommend !
0	crowded for lunch , and that was good to see .
1	the design in this restaurant is breathtaking !
0	we also had the persian room appetizer platter .
1	persian room is excellent !
1	their saffron rice is excellent .
1	will definitely be back again soon !
1	an amazing restaurant , great atmosphere , great service , and great food .
1	great service !
1	great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around !
0	better than i anticipated .
0	solid place and our server jamie ( server # _num_ ) was great !
1	the ambiance is elegant without being stuffy !
1	the portions are huge .
1	seating area is beautiful and the fresh baked bread is unbelievable .
1	this place has good food and generous servings .
1	the best persian food in arizona .
1	great persian food .
1	this is a great persian restaurant .
1	highly recommend it .
0	everything was fantastic and the server was very informative and helpful .
1	great service .
1	best persian food in az .
1	excellent place for food .
1	tried the beef , it 's wonderful .
1	awesome food .
1	the bread they make is warm and fresh .
1	i have had a fantastic meal every single time without fail .
1	the menu makes it easy to pick from .
1	i love the hummus with the house made bread .
1	each time i 've been there the food has been great !
1	the waiters are wonderful .
1	awesome food , high quality , large portions and great location .
1	i love this restaurant !
0	my parents came in town and i decided to take them here .
1	very flavorful , delicious food .
1	nice atmosphere .
1	i recommend # _num_ !
1	they have some amazing food .
1	service is usually good .
1	very flavorful , delicious food .
1	one of favorite places to go !
1	ambiance is nice and the food is delicious .
1	first time in the city and this place has amazing kabobs .
1	great value and a lot of fun .
1	delicious food with big plates !
1	my first time at this amazing restaurant .
1	great food .
0	staff was friendly and helpful .
1	the food is authentic .
0	both of us loved the warm bread with the butter , herbs and onions .
1	one of our favorites restaurants .
1	nice ambiance too , think casual elegance .
1	the rice is the best anywhere around .
1	the multiple protein plate options on the menu give a nice variety .
1	i 've had it since i was a little kid and it 's amazing .
1	i absolutely love this place .
1	i have always recommended this to all my friends and family .
1	i recommend the sampler appetizer .
1	their meat is juicy , moist and flavorful .
1	the portions are great and the food is outstanding .
1	the restaurant decor is nice and the staff is great as well .
1	i love this place !
1	outstanding persian food not to mention service .
1	great persian cousin , high end and classy .
0	came here with my friends for the first time for a date night .
0	the food was so good !
1	make sure you make a reservation !
1	the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious .
1	the rice is the best you will find in the us .
1	the best .
0	my folks loved it too .
1	i love this place.
1	the pitas are also great.
1	beautiful restaurant , excellent service , and good food .
1	wow great food and service .
1	living in arizona this is our go to place for great persian food .
1	it 's a great first date place !
1	food is delicious !
1	they have a variety of persian favorites .
1	best persian food in phoenix hands down !
1	this place does n't disappoint .
1	hummus and pita freshly prepared .
1	clean and classy .
1	delicious food !
1	five stars for delightful service and very good food .
0	four of us celebrated a bday here .
1	amazing !
1	it 's so good .
0	salmon & rice was excellent .
1	staff was very friendly and helpful for ordering as well !
1	i love the food !
1	the food is very authentic and it 's presentation is great .
1	awesome food .
1	and always is .
1	my favorite place in scottsdale .
1	i live in n. scottsdale and the service is always impeccable !
0	the service was also great .
1	the best persian food i 've ever tried .
1	this place is amazing !
1	both of those are so rich with flavors and amazing over rice .
1	great ambiance .
1	it is very unique and the food is really good .
1	homemade fresh bread with cilantro , basil and onion .
1	we love the persian room !
1	this place is worth the trip .
1	great food , nice atmosphere , good service .
1	would definitely recommend this place to everyone looking for nice persian place to eat .
1	i love coming here for lunch .
1	i love their basmati rice .
1	love this place !
1	very cosy and comfortable atmosphere .
1	ambience and food is amazing !
1	very affordable !
1	excellent family place .
1	amazing food .
1	exceptional service .
1	the ambiance is appropriate and the pricing is on par .
1	this place has the best persian food .
1	the best part is the red meat ... .
0	i also enjoyed the side salad and grilled vegetables .
1	i highly recommend this place and have been here multiple times .
1	the food here is well prepared and extremely tasty !
0	even our little _num_ year old daughter enjoyed some of the food .
1	very nice ambiance , tasty food and awesome fresh complimentary pita bread !
1	the baklava is the best i have ever had .
1	the portions are huge so be prepared to take some home .
1	we will definitely be back !
0	heidi was super nice and efficient .
1	thanks brian .
1	good change from the usual wait .
1	it is quiet and great neighbors that are very dog friendly .
0	i just moved in an so far so good !
1	the management has been great at getting to some issues right away !
1	that 's great !
1	i 'm loving the gym !
1	it has nice wood flooring and an attached garage .
1	he has made a huge difference and the staff is equally helpful / friendly .
1	i 'd recommend him to all .
1	will definitely stay here again .
1	great value and clean room !
0	also when we checked in the process was super quick .
1	the rooms are clean and the hotel is clean .
1	courtyard marriott north always delivers a quality room with over the top service .
1	the staff here have been amazing .
1	excellent place to stay in the area when on business .
1	great location surrounding amazing restaurants and shopping .
1	bistro selections are excellent and the bar worked out just fine too !
0	the staff was always very attentive and friendly .
1	and the continental breakfast is pretty decent too .
0	she always had a smile on her face .
1	i feel that she is an asset to your company .
1	great hotel with great location .
1	i really loved staying here !
1	perfect stay .
1	good breakfast .
1	very kind staff .
1	i would give this place _num_ stars if i could - they are great !
0	dr. danielle was super nice and very informative .
1	love this office .
1	greatest pediatric dentist in town !
1	truly a rare mix of excellence !
1	thank you !
1	i would recommend this office to anyone and everyone .
1	i highly recommend this office and their staff .
1	great team !
1	love this office .
1	very professional .
1	the technology used is that good !
1	wow !
1	you are great .
1	friendly and efficient staff and best doctors ever .
1	you guys are absolutely a _num_ in my book !
1	i am a fan !
0	so glad i found this office !
0	thank you and well done !
1	wonderful staff !
1	thanks for a great staff and making it a positive environment for our kids !
1	love this place !
1	the office staff is always friendly and professional .
1	it is a parent 's dream !
1	everyone is always so nice and professional !
1	every person that i compliment there teeth went to this practice !
1	we always feel welcomed and well taken care of .
1	i would ( and have ) highly recommend them to everyone i know .
1	this dentist office is the best !
1	thanks for making getting braces such a pleasant experience for my son .
1	the trainers are great and the free classes i get are awesome too .
1	i recommend mike or fred for training .
1	music is great and not too loud and the people are really friendly .
1	always able to get on the machines .
1	this place rocks !
1	great gym .
1	and most importantly it 's clean .
1	friendly staff and good location .
1	linda at the front desk and rick are great !
1	good gym overall .
1	it 's clean and has a wide variety of equipment .
1	we had a great workout and will be back .
1	nice , friendly staff .
1	i really liked this gym a lot and will definitely consider becoming a member .
1	everyone from the staff to the members are so nice and always so welcoming !
1	the staff are all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
1	well worth the money !
1	wow !
1	i work across the street and i am in love with this place !
1	great food !
1	been going for many years and love the food .
1	i enjoy going to the phoenix public market on saturday mornings .
1	delicious arizona chili and fresh bread heaven !
1	i love their rosemary bread !
1	so good !
1	delicious freshly baked bread and quality ingredients make this place my favorite lunch spot .
1	the soups here are sooooo good , better than mom 's !
1	this is the one place that is always friendly and the good is fresh .
1	sourdough is amazing .
0	family owned and run !
1	best bread in arizona no doubt .
1	and the best breads make the best sandwiches .
1	always good .
1	great place to eat .
1	what a great group of employees !
0	cameron was very attentive .
1	and a great car !
1	i got great deal , including low interest rate .
1	i continue to be a huge fan !
0	chris in service handled a repair we needed with excellent service !
1	i highly recommend using mark kia for all your vehicle needs !
1	it 's rare you experience a car salesman who actually cares about the customer .
1	great experience , great staff , love this place !
1	all around great service , would definitely recommend mark kia !
1	great people !
1	thanks for all your help .
1	thanks guys !
1	great place to buy a car !
1	love the new showroom !
1	the entire personal are friendly and courteous .
1	excellent experience from a to z .
1	the broccoli is quality , and never overcooked .
1	and i love their teriyaki sauce .
1	stick with that , and you 're golden .
1	i am such a freak for this place ... .
1	mmmmm good .
1	just remember you get what you pay for !
1	i recommend this place like bottled water in mexico .
1	don knows how to treat a customer .
1	outstanding customer service and products are the best .
1	honest , reliable and trustworthy .
1	don is a true professional and he knows his craft .
1	amazing how patient and accommodating for customers he is !
1	such honesty is rare these days .
1	he is a miracle man with absolutely great advice .
1	these guys are fantastic .
1	all i can say is wow !
1	thanks don !
1	don is the best .
1	oh , and the sound is incredible !
1	knew what he was doing , great customer service .
1	very genuine , no wasting time here .
1	great company !
1	very fun and professional employees .
1	the city is pristine with gorgeous views of desert life .
1	truly is the best place to live that i can see !
0	wow surprised at the poor ratings of one of my favorite cities .
1	top notch service !
1	they really know what they are doing and great customer service .
1	i will be back !
0	jill was very patient with me and my receipts .
1	i would highly recommend jill .
1	amazing !
1	i will definitely be back next year to see lisa !
1	they have great pizzas also .
1	i love the papago peak brewery .
1	and the food is great too .
0	i won !
1	overall it 's a nice neighborhood pub .
1	a great selection of beers from around world grace their menu .
1	their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place .
1	pizzas are good , sandwiches are good .
1	worth a visit for the take home beer selection .
1	the food was pretty good- huge bavarian style pretzels are always great with beer .
1	the best food here is in liquid form ( the beer ) .
1	love this place for their orange blossom beer .
1	it 's definitely the best beer i 've ever had .
1	the food is alright , but i come here mainly for the beer !
1	a gem in the hiding !
1	and , the best part ?
1	they brew their own beer , which is always a bonus .
1	for beer lovers papago is probably the best place in the greater phoenix area .
1	it 's just a great place to drink a good beer .
1	best beer selection i 've come across in a long time .
1	let 's start with _num_ great beers on tap .
1	this is the best beer selection in scottsdale hands down !
1	definitely a dive but that 's the charm .
1	make your own _num_ pack and bring it home if you want .
1	papago brewing co 's orange blossom beer is so good .
1	it is definitely my new favorite beer .
1	great place for a happy hour and to meet up with friends .
1	the staff is terrific , especially jess , and the food is tasty !
1	the beer is very good and so is the food .
1	they really have a great selection .
0	the place was packed on a thursday evening but we had great service .
1	one of the best beer selections in the phoenix area .
1	small place , great for a beer .
1	the orange blossom is my new favorite ... yum !
0	came here for a second date , and it was a great night .
1	the atmosphere is great and the staff are very attentive without being overbearing .
1	they also have a wide selection of exotic beer for sale .
1	this is my kind of place !
0	overall it was a nice place to relax and have a drink .
1	great dive for me .
1	the good : the beer selection is excellent !
1	delicious pizza ?
1	fortunately , great beer and the company of beer lovers makes up for it .
1	music is pretty loud .
1	awesome people watching .
1	it 's your typical divey hipster bar inside but the beer selection quite sophisticated .
1	if you so happen to enjoy their beer so much .
1	the salad has slices of fresh avocado and a delicious ranch dressing .
1	great selection , knowledgeable bartenders and eclectic patrons .
1	we 'll be back in march with a lot of beer fans .
1	the food is really good , but sometimes can take a little while .
1	yes , please .
1	my favorite bar in scottsdale !
1	this place rocks !
1	love this place .
1	i love their selections of beers !
1	a great place to spend time with friends .
1	kinda cool .
1	worth stopping at .
1	great atmosphere to get some friends together .
1	the premier craft beer destination in the valley of the sun .
1	like the orange blossom , their most popular brew .
1	the staff is awesome .
1	orange blossom ale - best weird beer i 've ever had .
1	we love this place !
1	we love coming here to see what 's new .
1	great local tap and bottle selection .
1	good prices and good service .
1	if you like beer this is the place for you .
0	a friendly staff and amazing selection of domestic and imported beer .
1	the more beers the better !
1	this place is more like a sports bar than anything .
1	love the vibe of this place !
1	friendly service .
1	overall , a good beer experience .
0	extensive beer selection and laid back spot .
1	one of my favorite places !
1	best beer selection and a great staff that is passionate about beer .
1	or , maybe it 's good that we do n't live closer .
1	great spot that features one of the best beer selections in town .
1	it may be tricky to find but worth the look .
1	i really enjoy this place .
1	i have only had the pizza but it 's been good each time .
1	crisp and refreshing any time of year .
1	coconut joe is another favorite of mine .
1	the pizzas are great too !
0	excellent beer selection and laid back atmosphere .
0	anyways , this was definitely good and worth another visit !
1	i love coming to breweries when i visit a new city .
0	this one did n't disappoint .
1	i still think it 's worth a trip .
1	great beer selection -- both local and not .
1	really fun .
1	good place .
1	love the food .
1	love the atmosphere .
1	highly recommended tho .
1	we are definitely fans !
1	great food and service plus so many adult beverages to choose from ... .
1	the pizza is pretty darn tasty too !
1	this place has some of the best service i 've seen .
1	this place is great .
1	this place always has a fantastic selection of brews .
0	the service was great .
0	the coffee coconut stout was absolutely fantastic .
0	my girlfriend really liked the mandarin wheat as well .
1	a must for craft beer lovers .
1	still one of my favorite all around places in the valley .
1	love it .
1	especially the orange blossom .
0	great beer selection and the staff really knew their stuff .
1	both also very good .
1	my go to spot for good craft beer for many years .
0	we tried some of the beers on tap and they were all quite delicious .
1	papago is my favorite place to go for drinks with friends and family .
1	they have a beer for everyone 's tastes and likes .
1	good selection of beers from all over the world plus local and regional brews .
1	beer selection is fun - wish they had pitchers !
0	it was good so i had another .
1	so , so good .
1	love this place .
1	good food and a neighborhood bar feel that just says , have a drink .
0	the beer selection was impressive .
1	my favorite thing here has got to be the orange blossom .
0	finally made it to this brewery !
0	they played awesome music too !
1	food is always fresh and delicious .
1	definitely every flavor for every person .
1	very light , delicious and half of the wrap will fill you up .
1	always a great night a papago !
1	simply perfect !
1	the food is also delicious , my favorite is the bbq pizza .
0	even when packed the food and service has always been on point .
1	their tacos are very good .
1	will definitely be back !
1	love love love this place !
0	the food was great , and the beer was amazing .
1	i love places that have their own beer but also have other beer .
1	the food is delicious .
0	it was great .
1	excellent selection of beers from the area .
1	friendly , knowledgeable staff will help you find the right one .
1	clean bathrooms !
1	very friendly service .
1	very friendly staff .
1	staff very friendly and helpful .
1	good vibe and great environment .
1	it 's quaint the beer is great and the boys are cute .
0	got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
1	the staff members i 've interacted with have been pleasant .
1	this goodwill is a nice one .
0	found an awesome granite dinning room table and got a great buy on it .
1	what a great concept !
1	i 'd definitely recommend stopping by if you are in the area !
1	i am a huge fan of a deal !
0	wow i am impressed every dish i tried was was wonderful .
1	the servers are friendly , prompt and attentive .
1	good buffet at a fair price .
1	new owners - huge improvement !
1	even better , the staff and owner always remember me !
1	they are beautiful ... and now i am broke .
1	everyone always so friendly , does a great job and is very accommodating .
1	eyebrows and nails look amazing !
1	this place will always be my go to .
1	i 'll continue to come back to us nails in the future .
1	great colors and they really take their time !
1	cute little nail salon for a girls day out .
1	i would recommend this little salon , quality work and friendly staff .
0	she was sweet and welcoming !
1	keep up the amazing service !
0	they did a great job .
1	will come back here again !
1	i love this place .
1	it 's my favorite nail salon ever .
1	i finally ate dinner here and it 's official : i am a fan !
1	it 's one of my new favorites .
1	this is my all time favorite place to go whenever i am in scottsdale .
1	love this place .
1	i love this place .
1	nice to find a place with good food and good staff .
1	best filet in scottsdale !
1	best price too !
1	where else do you get two sides with a great steak ?
1	also great wine list .
1	enjoyed a very nice evening there with a special lady .
1	local and loving it !
1	my favorite dish hands down are the ribs , talk about bliss !
1	would highly recommend this place to anyone of my friends .
1	great rib eye steak and service !
1	great food at a great price .
1	love it !
1	the interior definitely needs some updating but overall still a decent atmosphere .
1	great place love everything i have ever ordered .
1	this is a perfect spot to meet friends and enjoy good food and conversation .
0	it was totally magical .
1	i love this place and ca n't get enough .
1	the best part about this place is cardinals baseball is played here .
1	great food in this neighborhood restaurant .
1	unique ambiance .
1	creme brle was amazing !
1	would recommend to others .
1	another great meal !
1	the steak is tender and juicy .
1	even the potato skins top our list for the best in the valley .
1	classy place , the staff is friendly , and the food is excellent .
1	if nothing else , his laugh will make you laugh !
1	the food here is outstanding .
1	exceptional service with a dark private setting .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants i go to weekly .
1	great local place .
1	met the owner george , great guy who takes pride in his craft .
1	this phx establishment is worth a visit .
0	my filet was cooked to perfection and the wine was great as well !
1	a nice , casual dinner restaurant .
1	absolutely fabulous food !
1	highly recommend it !
0	both were tasty but the soup was amazing !
1	will be back !
1	great food and memories here .
1	this sucks !
0	overall it was a good experience !
1	i love this place , i always have .
1	5pm - 7pm is happy hour .
1	lots of options more than just simple smoothies .
1	love them !
1	great place !
1	this jamba juice is great .
1	this place delivers on all of these items .
1	great place for breakfast .
1	prices are very reasonable .
1	the staff is friendly and courteous .
1	great service from melissa !
1	have excellent service .
1	tiffany is the best waitress .
1	very clean on the inside and out .
1	cool .
1	very experienced technicians .
1	fast , efficient , quality service with a smile .
1	thank you barry you rock !
1	thank you thank you thank you !
1	keep it up !
1	highly recommend all the sun devil auto family for their superb service .
1	will definitely be back for future service and repairs .
1	it 's a gym !
1	the staff is helpful and attentive .
1	the facility is overall pretty clean .
1	this is pretty good place to workout overall .
1	now we are greeted with a very smiling morning girl ... at 5am !
1	there are good days and then really crowded days .
1	modern looking and clean gym .
1	this gym has nice new equipment .
1	yet another cool store that has now disappeared from the face of the planet .
1	the food is pretty good too ... not the best.
1	i have never experienced such great service thank you chelsea !
1	very good bagel and coffee .
0	sat outside and he brought us our order !
1	always a solid choice for lunch when your tired of regular sandwiches and subs .
1	service is fast and friendly .
1	i recommend the jalapeo chips .
1	some of my favorites around !
1	eating area was nice and clean .
1	clean !
1	would recommend to anyone who asks .
1	great location and friendly service .
1	if they see you , they offer their assistance : ) keep it up !
1	it is great !
0	prices were more than fair and we got a discount as well .
1	as arby 's go , this one is a bit above the rest .
0	incredibly impressed with volvo of tempe 's service department !
1	tires , alignment , brakes and more .
1	just exceptional .
1	it 's amazing what a difference good people make .
1	outstanding in both sales and service .
1	david the parts manager is great !
0	we worked with kim , who was incredibly helpful and friendly .
1	he helped us out greatly by finding a really awesome car !
1	volvo of tempe is the best !
1	i would definitely recommend volvo of tempe !
0	kim ( male ) was very nice .
1	thank you so much !
1	pricing is fair , as far as i could tell .
1	wonderful fast service !
1	if ever i need anything done i 'll be sure to return !
1	they are always welcoming and have never pressured me into added service .
1	will bring all my vehicles back for sure !
1	i love this place !
1	eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
0	i 've always had fast and friendly service here .
1	their seasonal pumpkin pie shake is quite tasty !
1	a fine dining establishment .
1	the ladies are friendly and prompt .
1	wow such a great experience .
1	great full service shop .
0	with the excellent customer service we received it was well worth the money .
1	thank you !
0	i had two bowls .
1	that 's right , two bowls .
0	the sweet potato fries were excellent .
1	great bar food , great staff , and great music was playing .
1	overall a nice , dark , dive bar with good grub .
1	a nice quiet place to hang out and talk .
1	only a little bit divey , this place has really good food !
1	the mac n cheese ( $ _num_ ) is awesome and a bargain !
1	love this place just for the environment and service .
0	place was clean , well kept , nice waitress .
1	great pairings !
1	this place has the best grilled cheese sandwich i 've ever had .
1	they have plenty of good beers to choose from and the food is alright .
1	our first stop on a bike pub ride .
1	the happy hour prices are always reasonable and the drinks never disappoint .
1	quite possibly the best in the valley !
1	it 's never very crowded and the regulars are a hoot .
1	the service is nice enough and the place seem clean .
1	by far my favorite dive in scottsdale !
0	i just found this place so much fun and authentic .
1	the full bar has a lot to offer as well .
1	small pub , but great staff , food and drinks !
1	it also feels like a genuine english pub !
1	love this place .
1	intimate bar with a great pool table and attentive staff .
1	it 's the best dive bar in scottsdale !
1	no frills dive bar with awesome staff and surprisingly great bar food .
1	the food here is great !
1	also a great place to watch a game or play some darts .
1	i would definitely recommend this place !
1	amazing customer service .
1	well ran shop and nice honest people working there .
1	these guys are talented pros .
1	fast , friendly and great results .
1	exceptional !
1	recommend to anyone !
1	quick and quality service !
1	i definitely recommend this place !
1	super fast .
1	they have always helped with any issues and i am grateful to know them !
1	nicole is very pleasant and on top of things !
1	we have had a great experience here .
1	management is awesome !
1	they work with you and are always willing to help .
1	love the place .
0	great location , reasonably priced , nice apartment and friendly neighbors .
1	really nice pool , clean , and dog friendly .
1	great complex .
1	nice staff , fun neighbors .
1	cool bbq area .
1	the location is ideal for exploring scottsdale , tempe and arizona .
1	parking should be expanded but other than that this is a great apartment community .
1	tip : 3rd floor is the best .
1	she is a kind young lady with a big heart .
1	it 's reasonable priced for what you get .
1	great property .
0	their staff was so friendly and i immediately loved all the amenities offered .
1	i love the amenities they offer as well as the spacious floor plans !
1	great service and always take amazing care of their apartments !
1	cool and inviting atmosphere !
0	i just looked at the community and its so beautiful .
1	i 've lived here for a year with my boyfriend .
1	nicole is seriously the best and was so helpful in meeting our rental needs .
1	leasing process and service was excellent .
1	would definitely recommend !
1	so excited for the year ahead !
1	very nice !
1	i would _num_ % recommend this complex , have been here almost a year .
1	it 's a melting pot of young professionals .
1	the facility is excellent .
1	highly recommended to anyone looking for a great place to live .
1	great customer service !
1	they are a great place to go !
1	smart auto is awesome !
1	very reasonable , good people !
1	smart choice is the perfect name for this place !
1	great honest service that can not be beat .
1	so happy i found a place i can trust !
1	the bartenders are awesome and the bathrooms are clean .
1	thank you michelle .
1	very easy to work with .
1	thanks penske and anthony !
1	excellent service !
1	i would highly recommend him to anyone .
1	thank you so much bill !
1	thank you so much jason lee .
1	one of the best service experiences i 've gone through by far .
0	penske took wonderful care of my car .
1	they even helped with some of the insurance issues i was having .
1	awesome group to go to .
1	thank you guys so much !
1	i love this place .
1	the salsa is the best !
1	the food is pretty fast , and always tasty .
1	good fast mexican food with decent prices .
1	always very friendly at the drive thru .
1	i also enjoy their generous complimentary salsa bar .
1	i love this place .
1	the green hot sauce they have is really hot but so good .
1	great authentic mexican food .
1	super b is the real deal .
1	service is quick , salsa is fresh , and amounts are huge .
1	the service is great , and the food never disappoints .
1	definately authentic mexican food .
1	they really do have super great burritos .
1	food always taste fresh , and the customer service is great .
1	oh , and the food is actually good !
1	they help me stay fit and healthy .
1	but for a buck , it 's still a great deal !
1	wow , i ca n't stop going to this place !
1	pork and guacamole is always a great combo .
0	big , tasty & filled with guacamole !
1	breakfast burrito 's are pretty much my favorite food in the whole world .
1	for fast cheap mexican food this place is the best !
1	super nachos with machaca , fantastic !
1	mixed burrito , amazing !
1	adovada , delish !
1	great tasting food .
1	i go here every single week .
1	love the chile relleno burrito as well.
1	i have a big heart , and there 's room enough for you both .
0	everything was nice and fresh and not too greasy .
1	guess , they just call it food .
1	finally a place that understands the true meaning of `` extra cheese '' .
1	the carne asada nachos are also very good .
1	i really enjoy simple northern mexican food and this place hits the spot .
1	i love this place .
0	they got to know us and knew what we ordered .
1	the best carne asada burrito !
1	amazing !
1	totally recommend this place if your in the mood for some mexican food .
1	fiesta is definitely my favorite of the fast food mexican places in town .
1	great carne asada chimi , combo # _num_ , crispy and flavorful .
1	yummy , and the service is consistently great .
1	quick , cheap and utterly delicious .
1	this place is gold .
1	fiesta burrito excels at both .
1	their beans , tortillas , and green sauce are pretty tasty as well .
1	amazing breakfast burritos !
1	cheap , delicious , and greasy .
1	the food here is great , rice and beans were rice and beans .
0	the california burrito was also a great burrito .
1	love love love !
1	delicious food .
1	awesome .
1	so , if you are not big eater you can definitely share .
1	second , the food is amazing .
1	another great thing about this place is the menu .
1	great tacos shredded beef ca n't beat them best in town !
1	this place is great !
1	the food is consistently great .
1	i highly recommend !
1	thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good .
1	bean burritos !
1	cheap and good !
1	the food is great , and the staff is really nice .
1	the food is good and the prices are good .
1	love it !
1	best mexican i 've ever had in scottsdale and papago is perfectly near by !
1	the chimichanga with carne asada is amazing .
1	love this place !
1	this place is fast and easy to get food from .
1	their pricing is super affordable and the food is delicious !
1	delicious horchata .
0	i always love the small local mexican restaurants around town .
1	i usually do the drive thru and it is quick and easy .
0	had a super delicious shredded beef burrito and rolled tacos .
1	ok , this is the best of the fast burrito joints around town .
1	the food is great here !
1	great food , price & service !
1	their food is great and one of our favorite fast food places .
1	the employees are great too and already know us at the drive thru window .
1	quick great service !
1	we have frequented fiesta since _num_ .
1	i love love love the california burrito !
1	what an amazing portion , quality and pricing !
1	visiting from out of town and wanted good , authentic mexican .
1	great service in the drive-thru .
1	definitely a top notch `` fast food '' mexican restaurant !
1	when in doubt , the machaca is always good .
1	tasty , clean , professional , friendly ... solid sauces ... great fixings bar .
1	amazing .
1	the beans are so light , fluffy , and flavorful .
1	i love this place , but give me more hot sauce !
0	very good quality , impressed with this restaurant .
1	great portions and worth the price .
1	excellent price , service and food .
1	love this place !
1	thanks guys !
1	jordan 's rocks .
1	but with a group , you can have a lot of friends here .
1	this place is definitely as fun as you make it !
1	lets see , monday , half off burgers with side of fries .
1	love this place .
1	thanks gina !
1	honestly .
1	the new owners doug and joyce have done a great job updating the bar .
1	josh and jackie , bartenders , are spot on !
1	nice to see owners that truly care about their customers and business .
1	you 'll like this place , i assure you .
1	this place gives me the instant impression of my midwest roots small town bar .
0	it was a good night .
1	always fun !
1	excellent food and great people !
1	breakfast and bloody marry on the weekends !
1	the staff at this place is super nice and extremely accommodating .
0	she explained all the different options and choices .
1	chips and salsa are super good too .
1	anyways - check it out - good stuff .
1	i have always had great service and the food is always off the hook !
1	i think this bar is top notch and the service is awesome !
1	great service , great prices , great food .
1	it 's a place .
0	it was a lot of fun .
0	the place was alive with music and the bartenders were great .
1	teriyaki chicken breast sandwich is made to order and is fantastic !
1	great food , great prices .
1	thank you for making it a memorable night !
1	great time !
1	this place is amazing .
1	the food and the atmosphere is amazing and laid back .
1	super great prices .
1	good atmosphere .
1	i really like this restaurant !
1	smart and final is exactly what i said before it 's a baby costco .
1	i 've also referred several friends and they have all been extremely happy .
1	great group of people .
1	i bring my two dogs here and the staff is excellent .
1	i highly recommend this hospital .
1	friendly staff .
1	honest help here .
1	they are honest too .
1	excellent service !
1	i highly recommend this location .
1	these guys are super professional and get the job done .
1	great job guys .
1	i love this pep boys .
1	will recommend to anyone needing service !
1	excellent service here !
1	will definitely come back to this one .
1	thank you !
1	thank you !
1	the mechanic is very polite & gives specific details .
1	the rest of the staff has been great too .
1	good ice cream .
1	nice people .
1	this place is great .
1	delicious , cheap water & fast , friendly service !
1	definitely check it out .
1	super friendly customer service !
1	the owner of this water and ice is our absolute favorite .
1	best pricing in town .
1	keep up the amazing work !
1	thrifty ice cream is available and always delicious along with some assorted candy .
1	regardless , speedy excellent service , and have never had a bad experience !
1	incredible service .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	very quick delivery and always hot food !
1	pretty cool .
1	the doctors are great .
1	i have recommended them to my friends and family .
1	excellent chiropractor !
1	professional and friendly are the first things that comes to mind .
1	i highly recommend the fine folks at american chiropractic .
1	this place is great .
0	knowledgeable doctors who made me feel comfortable about my first visit to the chiropractor .
1	the doctor is cool too .
1	all in all , i love this place and its service .
1	its clean and well respected and the dr 's have a great team .
1	the staff here is incredible , and they are so good at their craft !
1	if you ever get the chance , go to their ladies ' nights !
1	this place is great .
1	they offer a wide array of services and will give you an honest diagnosis .
1	this is the best chiropractic office i 've ever been too .
1	dr. g and her staff are so amazing and friendly !
1	great adjustment and massage .
1	we are somewhat new to the valley and bought a home here last summer .
0	it was beautiful and held on to its needles much longer than we expected .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	great , helpful and knowledgeable staff and great prices !
1	excellent service .
1	great selection of desert friendly plants .
1	excellent customer service , knowledge , and landscaping work !
1	plenty of herbs and flowers and cactus options .
0	the cashier also helped carry stuff to my car .
1	will definitely go back and recommend to friends .
1	they treat you like a long time customer .
1	the merchandise is of great quality , and they have a huge selection .
1	thanks , barry 's !
1	it 's small and old , but they 've kept it up well .
1	i wish everyone loved their job as much as he does !
1	always friendly , precise , and on the ball .
1	frequent it enough and have enjoyed it thus far .
1	great customer service and price .
1	you guys are very informative and very helpful .
1	thanks to gary for work on my gear .
1	we like the friendly people that work here as well .
1	keep up the good work !
1	up the awesome customer service !
1	i have had the breakfast jack sandwich which is always hot and fresh .
1	frequent often and have enjoyed the munchies .
1	great friendly service , prices and advice .
1	came here as it 's super close and convenient .
1	these guys care about their craft and love talking bikes .
1	service is always fast and prices are on the `` fair '' side .
1	a wonderful shop !
1	and his fee 's for repair are very reasonable and fair .
1	the owner is highly knowledgable and extremely friendly .
1	i would definitely recommend this bike shop .
1	always helpful and very honest .
1	this is the friendly , local bike shop you are looking for .
1	love bob 's bike shop !
1	we are proud to have them as neighbors and business associates !
1	seriously , woohoo !
1	dale is absolutely awesome .
1	i highly , highly recommend this place .
0	the price was also very reasonable .
1	best bike shop i 've been to in phoenix !
1	great small business .
1	i have had the bike for about _num_ months and love it .
1	and the continued service from dale at the shop is always spot on .
1	he is a fantastic bike technician and a super nice guy .
1	we 'll definitely be back for future bike needs !
1	very honest , affordable and friendly .
1	i just wished he sells cars also .
1	he is honest , reasonable , and fast !
1	true story .
1	i love dairy queen , and this is my fave location .
0	my cookie dough blizzard was great .
1	dq is a great place to go for family celebrations .
0	the service was super quick and really friendly , to boot .
1	great location and i absolutely love their popcorn shrimp and dipped cones .
1	cute little place but the decor really needs updating .
1	god bless dairy queen .
0	a great seafood restaurant located in an actual cellar .
1	the seafood is only fresh and well prepared .
1	drinks are well poured ( strong ) .
1	i really love this place !
1	sounds good to me !
1	i find the food to be consistently good and the service is outstanding .
1	it 's as good as it gets in the desert .
1	i am a huge fan of the reverse happy hour also .
1	it was good and i know we will go back !
1	the sauce is divine !
0	service was terrific for me .
0	each server was knowledgable and able to make good recommendations .
1	everything is always cooked perfectly and the waiters are super friendly and efficient .
1	the food is pricey but well worth the money .
1	my & my husband 's favorite restaurant !
1	fresh seafood for awesome prices .
1	everyone at the salt cellar is amazing !
1	i ca n't express how pleased i am with the wonderful service we received .
1	candle lit and quiet , with great appetizers and stiff drinks .
1	i highly recommend the salt cellar for its outstanding seafood and excellent customer service .
1	their happy hour is amazing .
1	their food has been great the two times i 've been there .
1	also make sure you start off with the clam chowder !
1	great service , awesome atmosphere .
1	worth every penny , try it out !
1	a filet is a filet almost anywhere you go so it was good .
1	great wine selection too including local vino .
1	delicious .
1	but well worth it .
1	get there for the happy hour and you could n't be happier .
1	i recommend also the escargot and the shrimp bread .
1	make sure you have reservations because the seating area is tiny .
0	i knew i would have a great time and i certainly was n't disappointed .
1	overall , great service .
0	staff was very friendly and personable .
1	two stories down , you enter a cozy space .
1	we definitely will be back again .
0	i 've eaten here twice , food and service was great .
1	this seafood place is the best the east valley can offer .
1	unique place .
1	yum , yum and yummmm .
1	pretty good local joint .
1	good service cool atmosphere and above average seafood for arizona .
1	i love the feel of the restaurant .
1	not great .
1	always .
1	not a fancy place but charming and unique .
1	amazing seafood dishes , decent prices and super service .
1	staff is super friendly and reservations are strongly encouraged .
1	very good seafood !
1	i 'm glad this place is in my new home town .
1	this is a wonderful restaurant .
1	fantastic !
0	i loved our waitress .
1	i love the salt cellar .
1	the service is always attentive and i always feel well taken care of .
1	i enjoy their mussels and crab cakes .
1	the waiters very informative and fast !
1	excellent food , service and atmosphere .
1	dessert was amazing too .
1	i enjoy that you can wear jeans or you can dress nicely .
0	dinner has always been superb on my visits .
1	great service .
0	the macadamia nut halibut was wonderful .
1	make her sing happy birthday .
1	everything is so tasty .
1	well worth every bite !
0	all our food was very fresh ... oysters , shrimp cocktail and ceviche .
1	will definitely go back for hh .
1	this is a simple but great restaurant and bar .
1	but the salt cellar is amazing !
1	i love seafood !
1	and this has to be the best meal i have ever had !
1	the service was amazing !
1	amazing !
1	will go back again and again !
1	definitely a good place for fresh seafood in phx .
1	it 's a hidden gem .
1	wow !
1	we are going to make this a regular celebration restaurant .
1	fantastic sea food collection and taste .
1	excellent service and ambiance .
1	the setting of this place is pretty cool because you are under ground .
1	thanks dale .
1	great service !
1	a great place for a special occasion !
1	all in all a good experience , we will be back here .
1	this is the best place for lobster in arizona and may be anywhere .
1	if you like food in your mouth you have to eat here regularly .
1	possibly the best king crab ever !
1	truly a great night !
1	wow !
0	got the beef wellington which was epic .
1	great service and the food was amazing .
1	i also like their lobster tail .
1	delicious and service is always amazing .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	thank you guys !
1	it is a bit pricey , but definitely worth it .
1	love this place .
1	get there early for happy hour !
1	best in the valley these foodies have experienced .
1	will keep coming back again and again .
1	great place , great amazing food and great location !
1	thank you !
1	enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food .
0	celebrated my 40th birthday there !
0	this place has amazing food , i had the fried shrimp and oysters .
1	they also have reverse happy hour till close .
1	everything looks delicious .
1	chowder is watery but still full of flavor .
1	we try to go a couple of times a year , usually special occasions .
1	atmosphere is excellent and food is just delightful !
0	the service was amazing the food was phenomenal .
1	best crab in az !
1	thorough is the first word that comes to mind !
1	strong drinks .
1	great place for stiff drinks that are super affordable .
1	but they 're fun and looking for a good time .
1	definitely a fan now .
1	please disregard the first review .
1	definitely a place to go and see a show or hang .
1	great music , great people , great drinks .
1	the bartenders and other staff are great .
1	fantastic live music .
1	the best bar in town .
1	great bar nice staff great deals !
1	the `` patrons '' were amusing and the bartender attentive .
1	i had the opportunity to speak with the owner and am highly impressed !
1	amazing local bands and cheap booze .
1	the people are always friendly and the bartenders are awesome .
1	i highly recommend this bar !
1	best dry cleaners in town .
1	they are very nice and friendly there .
1	it 's a sweet spot .
1	( i know it has waited for me , as well ) .
1	nice people .
1	friendly staff , and always served according to starbucks standards .
1	enter , on the rocks .
1	another awesome side note is that you can bring in your own food !
1	the customer service here is also great !
1	cheapest drinks in town !
1	best barber shop in town .
0	family owned and full of character !
1	get a hair cut and a nice close shave .
1	great cut and friendly people .
1	pleasant experience !
1	the best barber shop in the valley .
1	it 's so nice inside and the best part is affordable .
1	i love this place .
1	there is a wide selection and variety of booths and items .
1	the selection is diverse and the staff was very helpful .
1	always great variety , fun junk to look through and the occasional find !
1	it 's a lot of fun to browse around .
1	also , the staff is very friendly and approachable .
1	this place is the best for finding hidden treasures .
1	will be visiting frequently because it 's just amazing in here .
0	everyone was so sweet to my service dog and i .
1	great experience !
1	great scottsdale location near old town , huge layout with many stalls .
1	when the weather is nice they bring things outdoors into their large parking lot .
1	my absolute favorite place ever !
0	i wore it and felt good in it .
1	i recommend this place for their selection and their staff .
1	i will definitely return to buy more .
1	it 's better than the safeway near asu .
1	pharmacist is so funny !
0	i also love the deli counter and bakery .
1	this is a nice modern store , clean and well organized .
0	everyone in the bakery was so nice and had great customer service .
1	absolutely love this location .
1	fantastic !
1	great job !
1	she 's always so helpful !
1	the staff here are fantastic .
1	ace brand is cheaper price but the quality seems to be just as good !
1	super friendly !
1	the best ace hardware store around .
1	thank you !
1	what great customer service !
1	i love this store and the knowledge of the employees .
1	always eager to help !
1	best and most fabulous service !
1	i love going to this store .
1	the staff are knowledgable and always helpful .
0	the room was spotless , with new modern furniture and full of amenities .
0	television , internet connection , fridge worked .
0	it was all very festive for the holidays which added extra appeal .
1	hotels.com has a good rate for the room .
1	a real buy for your $ .
1	same great people ; same pleasant and comfortable room ; same really happy stay .
1	i 'm definitely coming here again .
0	we stayed here on our recent vacation and the vibe was great .
1	the staff is very friendly , helpful and professional .
1	i highly recommend this location .
0	staff was extremely professional and friendly .
1	thank you charlie & midas !
1	yet another outstanding experience of customer service here .
1	i would definitely recommend them !
1	really great customer service !
1	would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for auto repairs !
1	i will be coming back !
1	finally found an auto repair shop i can trust .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	very efficient service !
0	great customer service ; the crew here were all very helpful , even honest .
1	fantastic service , fast and friendly .
1	good job guys !
1	great experience here .
1	this marvelous team stayed after closing to finish the job for me .
1	these guys are great .
0	i just moved to scottsdale from california .
1	absolutely the best customer service !
1	great prices , fast service .
1	great job andrew !
1	super helpful and extremely friendly .
1	chris is really nice and they seem to be very honest .
1	they are no dealership , but chris does his best to make you happy .
1	mike ( manager ) & tina are terrific .
1	this place is great !
1	elite customer service and compassionate pricing .
1	these guys are amazing !
0	they explained everything well and provide excellent customer service .
1	the two at front are great ( wish i could remember their names ) .
0	def pleased .
0	i was very pleased !
1	superior quality on lenses , also .
1	renee helped me and is fantastic .
1	awesome .
1	for progressive lenses thats a steal !
1	great service and quality .
1	they are simply wonderful in all aspects of quality and service !
1	highly recommend these folks .
0	found my new auto repair location , great job .
1	tom and team - thank you !
1	thank you for your # _num_ customer service !
1	i 'll definitely become a regular here .
1	the driving range is great too !
1	fantastic !
1	the practice facility is actually great .
1	they have happy hour when balls are cheaper and they sell beer .
1	the people in the store are all really nice too .
1	the owner ... tim i think , very nice guy !
1	will definitely become a regular .
1	best care for a great cost !
1	thank you for all that you do for me and my little guy .
1	the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
0	great family owned business where the owner and employees truly love dogs .
1	the staff loves the animals , that 's a given .
0	they were very informative and i could tell they treated him very well .
1	my pets absolutely love coming to the scottsdale pet hotel .
1	they enjoy the extra play times and getting a bath while they 're there .
1	i feel they take care of my loved ones like they were their own .
1	always such a great experience with scottsdale pet hotel !
1	thank you laura !
0	when i picked her up she was in a great mood and seemed happy .
1	total guilty pleasure .
1	the women were are all gorgeous and plentiful .
1	this place is great !
1	anyone visiting scottsdale check it out !
1	this place is amazing .
1	thank you to those who do though .
1	thanks paul !
1	i will keep going back with every car i own .
1	they did a great job and have excellent customer service .
0	and the guys there always been very professional and very honest with me .
1	paul and kelly very professional and efficient .
1	totally recommend .
1	thanks paul !
0	went in to brake masters scottsdale and they inspected the vehicle right away .
1	i highly recommend this shop to anyone needing any work done .
1	she 's a sweet little thing and loves her patients too !
1	i am always treated well and they care about their patients .
1	now i feel great and rarely need to be seen .
1	but it 's always great here .
1	i get it every day !
1	amazing price .
1	nice car .
1	very happy .
1	great grub after a night out !
1	bonus !
1	love this place !
1	great friendly staff , food is tasty for a bar and cold beer !
1	bottom line : great selection and great prices .
1	the amenities are great .
1	the rate is great and if you book on their site breakfast is included .
1	luckily , the italian joint across the street is really pretty good !
1	the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating .
1	i will for sure stay here again next spring !
1	i will definitely be staying here again .
1	thanks !
1	another year at hospitality suites and another happy stay .
0	they were as friendly and helpful as always !
1	this is a nice store , in a nice area , with nice people .
1	same great taste and service like the others .
1	fabulous service !
1	its sweet with that brown sugar topping .
1	very good noodle and meat portions .
1	brings food to table on a plate .
1	very friendly service .
1	keep up the good work !
1	a _num_ % discount is always good .
1	chapman is a great dealer and their quality shows in the staff .
1	amazing customer service .
1	top notch , quality attention to detail .
0	everyone who handled my dog was very friendly and very understanding .
1	this place is great .
1	i wish some doctor 's offices would treat me that good !
1	great little place !
1	this clinic is the best !
1	friendly , affordable , and good at what they do .
1	very pleased !
1	the procedure was quick and the staff does an excellent job communicating about everything .
0	but the staff was extremely friendly and took great care of her !
1	thanks for doing all that you do for such a reasonable price !
0	i loved my aura photo !
1	meet and greet .
1	port butt is great and they make their own sausage and brats on site .
1	this place is a real scottsdale secret !
1	great prices and awesome access to source to high quality meat .
1	i will make _num_ nice fillet mignon out of it ... .
1	great people , great food .
1	superior product and excellent service .
1	my mom got me a gift certificate ; i love the marinated chicken breasts .
1	also enjoying the boneless ny strips ... recommended !
1	i walked out with some beautifully red ribeye at _num_ bucks a pound !
1	they have great quality meats .
1	great place to get top of the line meat and it 's fresh .
1	they give you straight up answers and fix what is needed .
1	these guys are great .
1	very nice people and a pleasure to deal with also .
1	thank you so much for your help !
1	karen h .
1	these guys are great .
1	this is by far the most honest and best mechanic i have ever visited .
0	so honest and did great work .
1	great service .
1	great prices .
0	it was so easy !
1	definitely a hidden gem worth knowing about .
1	good service !
0	this place was great !
0	shannon was very helpful and knew the process very well .
1	always quick and painless .
1	thanks shannon !
1	this is a great family run , 30+ years in the business .
1	a beautiful selection of jewelry , with exceptional designs and very reasonable prices .
1	very happy with my purchase and will definitely return again .
1	i would highly recommend shopping here !
1	nice place and selection , and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	the cleaning ladies are very nice and professional .
1	reliable service , fast , professional - awesome !
1	they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs .
1	our house looks great !
1	i would definitely recommend this molly maid !
1	huge fan !
1	consistent and good tasting pizza !
1	papa john 's is my favorite .
1	great customer service very knowledgable and willing to spend time with novice riders .
1	i would recommend to anyone with any type of car !
1	these guys are honest , and true to thier word .
1	if they say it costs a certain amount , thats what it is .
1	i love this shop because of their honesty .
0	he was patient with me , informative and helpful .
1	these guys are awesome !
1	thanks guys !
1	these guys are great !
1	they provide such honest , reasonable service .
1	a rare find these days !
1	i decided to give them a try and am very impressed .
0	the price was very reasonable for all the work they did .
1	ray is the best and first class auto is the best .
1	i highly recommend this business ... they wo n't let you down .
0	their staff and the owner were all very nice .
1	one thing i like is that they always verify everything before showing up .
1	they are very professional and do not miss a thing .
1	there is nothing fancy about the food , but it is always tasty .
1	the staff is very friendly .
1	i recommend the honey garlic chicken and the spicy bean curd .
1	you are about to find your new chinese food spot ... and bonus !
1	that may be a personal preference , but their sesame chicken is tremendous .
1	is it the best chinese food in phoenix ?
1	is it really good , inexpensive , and available ?
1	clean , fast and most of all delish .
1	egg drop soup and garlic chicken are among my top choices .
1	i love any dish i get there !
1	inside is totally fine .
1	great food , great pricing and quick , friendly delivery .
1	china wok ... you 're like a good friend i can always count on !
1	this place is the best of everything i 've tried around here .
1	tasty tasty tasty , and speedy delivery .
1	the hawaiian shrimp fried rice is also really good .
1	_num_ great entrees so far .
1	i love this chinese food !
1	full of flavor .
1	best chinese food - hands down .
0	both were good and had a good level of spiciness .
1	i love that !
1	very good reliable chinese delivery .
1	love the crab angels too !
1	everything we have tried has been delicious .
1	everyone i was with loved their food and we all plan on going back .
1	simple and yummy .
1	fantastic !
1	always great food !
0	wish everyone was as nice as her !
1	their big portions make it nice so that we can all share !
1	my favorite chinese spot .
1	i 've been eating at this place for months , and they never disappoint .
1	they 're hot and fresh .
1	very impressive !
1	i 'm a fan !
1	the food is really good .
1	i love this place so much .
1	this is definitely our go to chinese food place for now .
1	great little chinese place for a quick lunch .
1	delivery is always very fast as well !
1	i enjoy eating here and taking friends .
1	best in town !
0	this was a great yelp find !
1	the chow fun was exactly like what you get in hong kong .
1	thank you !
1	the end result is just great .
1	the staff is personable and offers good suggestions .
1	will definitely come back .
0	stopped in and joshua was available right away to help me .
1	definitely recommend !
1	very authentic !
1	what a great find !
1	the prices are great too !
1	fresh tortillas are so amazing too !
1	they are very helpful as well !
1	katie 's is great .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
0	joe , my nail tech was so detail oriented during my entire mani-pedi .
1	thank you gel q !
1	this place is awesome !
1	best nail salon i have experienced in a long time .
1	awesome .
1	love love love my nails !
1	first time i got the powder color tips and i 'm absolutely impressed .
1	the salon is quiet and clean .
0	they did a great job on my nails & price was very reasonable .
0	he was very friendly and very skilled .
1	i 've found my new pedi home .
1	they are so fabulous here !
1	speedy , great job and always very friendly !
1	manicure and pedicure , she will do them both with excellent results !
1	check this place out !
1	i highly recommend it !
1	really love this place .
1	it works well .
1	i love that !
1	this place has like ... _num_ or _num_ tables ... .
1	highly recommend !
1	definitely call ahead .
1	great dining experience !
1	the food is amazing !
0	highly recommended .
0	the atmosphere was great and the service was top notch and timely .
1	this place is a hidden gem in scottsdale !
1	this place is in my top _num_ .
1	top _num_ .
1	thank you for keeping such fine quality and amazing wait staff !
1	wow !
0	the atmosphere was quaint and fun , and the service was terrific .
1	decent service .
1	what a wonderful dining experience .
1	the food here is amazing !
1	todd the owner was very nice and accommodating .
1	i highly recommend coming here for dinner .
1	it is delicious !
1	still delicious .
1	next time we 'll order their fish , which i hear is quite wonderful .
1	this is a great spot !
1	if you love cheese , you will love this place .
0	both were delicious .
1	creative , local food .
1	wine - perfection !
1	wine glasses - accurate to type of wine !
1	we have found a great place !
1	the menu is always sophisticated and food is cooked to perfection .
1	best place in arizona !
1	the food is unparalleled and the service is top notch .
1	todd does a wonderful job here and the service is always spot on !
1	this is an amazing place for every occasion !
1	guests still talk about my wedding night , and how good the food was .
1	any duck menu item is always one of my favorites !
1	great place for those who love the wine and food culture !
1	so worth it though !
1	wow !
1	terrific , fresh , inventive and interesting menu .
1	superb service .
1	i highly recommend !
1	very quaint place , but that helps make the experience that much more intimate .
1	best place to eat in phx hands down !
1	the owners are so amazing and accommodating .
1	one of the best dining experiences in the valley .
1	absolutely stunning meal .
1	incredible dinner and presentation !
1	probably the best meal in arizona .
1	the pre fix menu is amazing , every course worth the experience .
0	the food was delicious and presentation was just amazing .
1	plus it 's a byob restaurant connected to an amazing wine store .
1	intimate restaurant , great for a date or a group .
1	still one of the better places in town .
1	its close by , delivery is quick and the food is consistently delish .
0	this was for sure good .
1	love the food .
1	typically order delivery and it arrives in reasonable time , every time .
1	maybe one of these days we 'll eat in to check out the place .
0	ambiance was fun .
1	great little neighborhood place .
1	this is a place i 'd order from again .
1	has a small bar where you can get exotic cocktails .
1	love the place !
1	chicken lo mien is the best i ever had !
1	also great bartender !
1	they have the best orange chicken and kung pao .
1	this is by far my favorite chinese restaurant .
1	great food , obnoxious bartender , average atmosphere , good service .
1	oh , and they have fast service , delivery or pickup .
0	both were amazing .
1	he 's always friendly to me and calls me by name .
1	i think the food is worth it .
1	delivery is done in a reasonable amount of time and food comes hot .
1	best chinese food ever .
1	i 've been ordering from here for years and the quality is always great !
1	love it !
1	small , friendly place with a good atmosphere .
1	definitely recommend it .
1	i 've become a regular customer of this place .
1	he remembers your name and greets you when you visit again .
1	the casual atmosphere and the food here is great !
1	highly recommend this place .
1	the food is good .
1	my favorite local chinese restaurant !
1	i love the food and the bartender rob is great !
1	well really all the food is !
1	the food is good .
1	this is a friendly place !
0	delivery saved the hung over day !
1	delicious soup .
0	sweet and sour was delicious and he brought me a sprite for free .
1	good shrimp lo main .
1	i always eat here for lunch .
1	a great cheap option for surprisingly good chinese food .
1	incredible service and excellent food .
1	i will definitely be coming back regularly !
1	well i think we may have found it !
1	we will definitely be ordering again soon !
1	still my favorite !
1	this is by far my favorite chinese restaurant !
1	i love this place , the service is always great !
1	prices were very good and will be a regular stop .
1	most likely absolutely not .
1	jj 's is a great neighborhood bar .
1	i love their antipasto salad !
1	such a great little shop with delicious sandwiches - fresh bread and flavorful meats .
1	all the ingredients are fresh and the servings are big .
1	i want to go there right now and get one !
1	also the antipasto salad ranks right on up there .
1	also they have lot 's of good drinks like diet .
1	so good !
1	great sandwiches at reasonable prices .
1	wow !
1	i have also purchased things from the store and they are always amazing .
1	i 'm from new england , and this place brought me home .
1	everything i have tried here has always been very good .
1	i love this place .
1	plus the people are pretty laid back and friendly .
0	i was thoroughly satisfied with how authentic and fresh the food was .
1	great food , friendly staff .
1	the quality of the pasta , sauces , oil , etc is fantastic .
1	i meat and cheese available at the deli counter is exquisite .
1	the staff is always friendly and often hilarious !
1	love love love it !
1	i think i found a new fave spot .
1	oh my gosh , this place is amazing !
1	best red potato salad in town .
1	it 's nice to get here after the lunch crowd has come and gone .
1	superb chicken caesar pasta salad .
1	friendly , competent staff .
1	great grocery .
1	well worth the wait though .
0	they had just the right kind and for a decent price .
1	the italian sodas were always refreshing and they have so many other things .
1	the italian soda was amazing .
1	no matter what you choose , i 'm betting it is all good !
1	defalco 's has the best cheesesteak you can get in the desert .
1	i 'm with the other reviewers : keep this in the defalco family !
1	wow .
0	bread might have been a little stale , but it was still good .
0	the bread was possibly the best i have ever had .
1	this place is delicious !
1	the guys are all great and their food is to die for .
1	the sandwiches and pizza are amazing .
1	savor it .
1	good selection of wines and pasta in their little market .
1	this is a cute lil italian market on n scottsdale rd .
1	i 'm a fan of their lemon bar .
1	love this place .
0	i also had a cup of the cappuccino and really enjoyed it .
1	the atmosphere is really neat because you are eating in a grocery store .
1	great pizza too !
1	the best philly cheesesteak in town !
1	it 's a rather popular place for lunch .
1	great place for a sandwich .
1	nice folks run this place and it is always packed .
1	the staff is friendly .
1	defalco 's is absolutely the best i 've had .
1	defalco 's italian deli is as good as it gets .
1	got ta go , i 'm hungry !
1	it is recommended to call ahead to place your order .
1	defalco 's is a family favorite !
1	great lunch spot and great deli .
1	it all goes together perfectly .
1	the food speaks for itself !
1	the meatball sandwich is great and so are all the pastas .
1	your italian grandma would be so proud !
1	wonderful !
1	wow !
1	the food is great .
1	their pizza is really good too .
1	best spaghetti !
1	one of the best cheese steak subs ever !
1	so then there 's the food ... amazing !
1	i love this place !
1	if you 're ever in south scottsdale , i definitely recommend this place .
1	this place has amazing food at a good price .
1	so good !
1	this place is fabulous .
1	its amazing !
1	i love that the tables are set among the groceries .
1	_num_ words : go here !
1	defalco 's is amazingly delicious .
1	the trick to getting your lunch in a timely fashion is to call ahead .
1	the staff here are really wonderful and friendly .
1	so delicious !
1	i love this place .
1	the crew is fun to chat with and pick on just a little .
1	wow , outstanding .
0	the cheese was melted just perfectly .
1	it is by far the best italian deli in az .
1	it is extra cheesy and the bread is incredible !
1	seriously the best deli in arizona !
1	i love the hot sandwiches .
1	their grilled cheese is amazing .
1	i have also had pizza & calzones here & both are absolutely awesome .
1	this place is awesome .
1	the food is amazing ... and im not the biggest fan of italian food .
1	so many great choices of meats , cheeses , salads , desserts etc .
1	i feel pretty lucky to have found this place .
1	huge menu , lots of great choices .
1	the sandwiches , in particular , are so good !
1	i go here mostly for the sandwiches , which are the best in town .
1	reasonable pricing with a nice quiet dining area .
1	as fresh as it gets , straight from the deli .
1	love this place !
1	best deli in phoenix !
1	love this place !
1	tasty food that 's consistent .
1	wow !
1	what an amazing find !
1	ill keep this short and sweet .
1	fresh pasta , meats , cheeses and more .
1	thank you , thank you , thank you .
1	defalco 's is absolutely worth a stop - check it out !
0	i have never been disappointed !
1	love this place .
1	this place is pretty dang cool !
1	i 've eaten here a couple times and have enjoyed the food .
1	so yummy !
1	friendly service .
0	it was quite an experience .
1	this place is fantastic !
0	loved my sandwhich and great service .
1	will definitely back when on this side of town !
1	very good homemade sandwiches , salads and italian delights .
1	great good , good price , casual small market atmosphere .
1	definitely a unique and worthwhile place in scottsdale .
1	best cheese steaks i 've ever had .
1	the spaghetti and meatballs are an amazing duo as well .
1	i 've tried almost everything and it 's all delicious .
1	everything is super fresh , and they 'll make anything you want .
1	it 's always a tasty italian experience with a great local business feel .
1	i will hit this place up again .
1	it 's definitely an institution !
1	will eat here with every future visit to phoenix .
1	incredible value .
1	quite possibly the best sandwich i 've had in scottsdale .
1	bread was excellent , turkey fresh , lettuce fine cut .
1	nice selection of ice tea .
1	it is order at the counter , and they have a few tables inside .
1	authentic italian , pizzas calzones and sandwiches are excellent but spirits a bit pricey .
1	overall a great experience .
0	the calzones , meatball subs , and baked ziti were amazing !
0	service was some of the best and friendliest ever .
1	best italian food in town .
1	clean place .
1	the sandwiches are big and taste fresh .
0	wow , it was great !
0	cheese steak sub was one of best ever .
1	excellent sandwiches and just about any other italian grocery item you can mention !
1	amazing !
1	the cheese they use on the cheesesteak really makes it .
1	everything is always great .
1	i love this place .
1	love this place !
0	all was delish and enjoyable .
0	be prepared for a good wait time around lunch .
1	the cannolis are pretty much perfect .
1	this place is fantastic .
0	went with my family and everyone got something different .
1	sooo good !
1	highly recommend it !
1	they are legit awesome !
1	chick parm ... deli meats ... fresh pizza dough ... i love this place .
1	their chicken caesar pasta salad is the best !
1	definitely my favorite italian food in the old town area .
1	what a charming place .
1	this is really an exceptional italian deli !
1	great sandwich 's - great atmosphere .
1	they also have a lot of great salads , and amazing fresh mozzarella .
1	i usually call ahead for pick up and its always a smooth process .
1	awesome !
1	i 'm still loving defalco 's , maybe now more than before .
1	this is it !
1	best italian lunch spot i have found in the metro phoenix area .
1	the cheese calzone was delicious and the veggie sandwich is great .
1	and , the staff are very friendly and accommodating .
1	great little place !
1	this scottsdale institution is epic in every way .
1	the lasagna is amazing .
1	first time and we are obsessed !
1	definetely worth the ride ( we live on the west valley ) .
1	you wont be disappointed ; ) great food , friendly staff !
1	super authentic italian deli !
1	defalco 's is one of my new top spots for lunch !
1	interesting concept - dining within a market .
1	the food is magnificent !
1	try the take out to impress your next dinner party !
0	it was seriously the best pizza i 've ever had .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	love their pastries .
1	excellent food & worth the wait & price .
1	everything i have eaten has been outstanding .
1	deli counter is outstanding as are the other items on the shelves .
1	hands down !
0	this was the best i have ever had !
1	customer service is always quick , friendly and helpful .
1	and they have special prices for happy hour .
1	i love this place .
1	amazing cheesesteaks !
1	they do care and the food is great .
1	best sandwiches i 've had in _num_ years in the valley .
1	i love this place !
1	defalco 's is the best italian restaurant i have ever eat at .
0	recently moved and i still dream about a sandwich from there .
1	this reminds me of being back east .
1	definitely check this ace out if you have n't yet .
1	i would highly recommend the beef cheesesteak - it is my all time favorite .
0	i 'm glad we made the drive cuz the food was excellent .
1	amazing fresh food and on the spot import deli meats and cheeses .
1	they have a terrific chicken parm sandwich .
1	i love family businesses and this place is awesome .
1	real , true authentic italian .
1	by far one of my favorite places to go .
1	great little deli !
1	right now .
0	meatball pizza , put it in your mouth .
1	so good .
1	goes great with sparkling water or a beer .
1	great staff as well .
1	the ambiance is very authentic .
0	we had the grilled portobello sandwich and the caprese salad , both delicious .
1	try the meatballs and wine ; absolute flavor - including the ambience !
1	this is a neighborhood gem .
1	great old school charm , wonderful food !
1	if you want the best sometimes you have to wait !
1	everything is good you ca n't go wrong !
1	a wonderful selection of wines compliment the authentic italian foods .
1	one of the best places to eat in the phoenix area .
1	best italian food in town !
1	the sauce they use is the best of any in town i 've had .
1	lol i will one day !
1	this place is awesome !
1	it 's quite a ride from the west valley but well worth it .
1	the side dishes are also excellent , particularly the mustard potato salad .
0	highly recommended for a unique and delicious lunch experience .
0	so glad i found it .
1	the pasta : delicious .
1	their staff is cheerful , friendly , and eager to help .
1	my new favorite place !
0	quite liked it .
1	this place is super yummy !
1	defalco ' s the best in scottsdale .
1	this place is great .
1	great food .
1	what a great place !
1	hmmm ... nope , it is all of those things !
1	spectacular !
1	right now .
1	amazing food !
1	it is always busy because it is so good .
1	highly recommend the beef cheesesteak and chicken pesto sandwich !
0	really liked this little gem .
1	good food very reasonable prices .
1	i love the grocery portion of store as well !
1	best calzone ever !
1	antipasto salad is another fabulous choice .
1	defalco 's is always consistent .
1	great food !
1	this place has the true italian feel to it especially with the market inside .
1	i would definitely recommend .
1	love this place , the staff is amazing and the food is better .
1	classy place .
1	the food is so good and i seriously always feel like family .
1	the food is worth waiting for and the deli is awesome .
1	solid italian deli in phoenix .
0	it was good .
0	i was told the sandwiches and pizzas are good .
1	love this place !
1	the food is amazing and all of the staff are really nice !
1	my roommate is italian and grew up eating gnocchi and absolutely loved defalco 's .
1	the food is simple and amazing !
0	had a great dinner tonight .
1	everything is so fresh , and put together so nicely .
1	the staff is always so friendly and willing to answer any questions you have .
1	and you have found yourself a regular customer .
1	the food was amazing !
1	nothing but excellent .
1	ahhh love this place .
1	love everything about this place !
1	love this place , food is amazing !
0	this was prime italian food .
1	it really is that good .
1	amazing cannoli 's and great prices on food .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley .
0	my bread was a little harder but it was made fresh in house .
1	you can also buy fresh meats and italian goods there .
1	the chicken dishes are particularly amazing .
1	best italian food in the valley and it 's convenient !
1	you definitely have to try this place !
1	they have a great looking deli counter .
1	they appreciate their customers and it shows .
0	my sandwich was the best .
0	gina 's spaghetti was great tasting and came with garlic bread .
0	all very fresh and tasted like the old country .
1	never disappoints !
1	best in the area for excellent authentic italian food .
1	you 'd never guess looking from the outside how great the food is .
1	and the pastries are insane !
1	its a small place but totally worth it , especially for the price !
1	i will definitely be back though !
0	pair with a pleasant shot of espresso this meal was beyond memorable .
1	thank you !
1	if you like italian food i recommend you trying this place .
1	authentic new york style italian deli that serves dine-in sandwiches and such .
1	best calzones in az .
1	and a fantastic dessert spread .
1	good food cheap nice staff .
1	i 'm sure the rest is amazing .
1	the staff is always great too .
1	please never close ... .
1	great food and great prices !
0	good local run family business !
1	amazing food .
1	always a fun and friendly atmosphere .
1	they also play good music .
1	i highly recommend this place to every local i discuss food with .
1	by far the best italian food i 've had in arizona .
1	best cheese steak sandwich that i have ever had .
1	always a wait but worth it .
1	amazing food , atmosphere , and people !
1	amazing food every time i visit .
1	you will love this place .
1	the food is delicious , the portions huge , the prices reasonable .
1	great pizza .
1	this is as authentic as it gets for italian grocery .
1	thank you for such a great meal !
1	if you love caprese , this sandwich is your jam , i promise !
1	good flavorful pizza .
1	best italian deli in phoenix valley , bar none .
1	just heavenly italian food !
1	this place is golden !
1	they have amazing sandwiches , pizzas , salads , and deserts .
1	this is my go to !
1	so delicious !
1	the smells are wonderful and the food is excellent .
1	always great !
1	trust me and check this place out .
1	the meatball sandwich is incredible !
0	reasonably priced , and a fun place to eat .
0	came here on a recommendation , and i 'm so glad i did !
0	i got an italian combo and it was amazing .
1	i will certainly be back to eat on the restaurant part of it .
1	the best local italian deli in scottsdale .
1	great selection of wines and some imported beers .
1	cool place .
1	amazing selection of deli meats !
1	great italian deli and market .
1	amazing .
1	this italian deli is fantastic !
1	food is amazing !
1	absolutely delicious .
1	but that can definitely be overlooked with food this amazing !
1	great sandwich , good price , outdoor seating is a plus as well .
1	i really love this place .
1	the salted carmel gelato is a must !
1	amazing !
0	great selection of imported meats and cheeses .
1	they also have a great lunch menu .
1	super friendly awesome helpful staff !
0	the line moved fast and the ambience was welcoming and calm .
1	the food is always very good , and freshly made .
1	the staff is very friendly .
1	and the pastries are simply wonderful .
1	simple , classic and always perfect .
1	defalco 's is consistently delicious .
1	good food at reasonable prices .
1	the service here is top notch .
1	love it !
1	seriously the best pizza i have ever had .
1	so yum !
1	wife loves this place .
1	sandwiches , bread , phenomenal .
1	would recommend this place !
1	great food , good service , wonderful groceries !
1	this place is charming .
1	the service is great .
1	i always buy my favorite wine here .
1	authentically quaint italian grocery spot in the south side of scottsdale .
1	great meat and cheese selection , with killer pizza .
0	it was still delicious though .
1	great deli !
1	we will definitely come back .
1	best beef cheese steak sandwich ever !
1	this place is adorable .
1	my husband loves this place !
1	great customer service .
1	great price , lots of real deli meat .
1	my new favorite place in phoenix !
1	great quality food for a reasonable price .
1	as a pizza lover i had to try their pie and it is delicious !
1	the pizza and cannoli are also fantastic .
1	the owner and workers are fabulous and fun .
1	they '' re certainly doing something right !
0	the best salsa in town , for their style ( blended restaurant ) .
1	always has what you need !
1	also their salsa is pretty good and spicy .
1	drive thru service , hell yeah !
1	the home-made salsa is wonderful and always fresh and in stock .
1	milk depot has the best salsa in the valley of the sun .
1	amazing !
1	surprisingly they have some craft beers as well as the usual beers .
1	he is very friendly and professional .
1	he is realistic and cares about his patients .
1	great store , great prices , friendly service .
1	skate to relate !
1	best skate shop i 've ever visited !
1	the guys are super cool and ready to go the extra mile .
1	plus , you 'll get expert help , quick repairs and support your community !
1	just a fun environment in there .
1	place is nice and big and has everything separated by type .
1	one of the best skate shops i 've visited in az .
1	the place is well organized by style and the prices are pretty reasonable .
1	this is a local gem !
1	there is an amazing selection of sodas .
1	i love soda , love love love it !
1	i have been going here since well before it moved to the new location .
1	they have such a massive variety already cold which is amazing .
1	i love pop the soda shop .
1	the staff knows there stuff !
1	the price is perfect for what you get !
1	they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff .
1	love pop the soda shop .
1	every time i go i get something new , and love it .
1	and they have the best root beer .
1	and so many different kinds !
1	amazing place .
1	excellent place to stuff a gift basket !
1	the employees there are very knowledgeable and friendly .
1	they have it 's it !
1	love this store !
1	love this place .
1	i am very pleased with the service i received and definitely recommend this location .
1	they have always giving me the utmost best service and are extremely knowledgeable .
1	incredible .
1	great great great service !
0	they were so nice and helpful !
1	the people that work here are _num_ % wonderful .
1	success .
1	now i know , thanks to the information i was given .
1	great customer service guys , great job !
1	my wife loves them too .
1	quality , fast , affordable service !
1	great customer service and very reasonable prices !
1	great job !
1	amazing service !
0	definitely recommended !
1	friendly service .
1	the staff at this scottsdale location has great customer service .
1	staff is nice and straight forward , honest about wait times and prices .
1	complementary water bottles are a nice touch for a phoenix location .
1	professional , respectful , courteous , efficient and just amazing .
1	the staff at discount tire very professional and fast .
1	thank you for such great customer service !
1	such friendly staff !
1	love my neighborhood discount tires !
1	they truly care for you and your vehicle there !
1	i 'm glad i came !
1	definitely will come back to this location .
1	very pleased .
1	best experience !
1	she has been phenomenal , just like the rest of the staff .
1	very pleasant experience .
1	i feel blessed to have the mayo clinic right in our town .
1	overall though they do a great job .
1	best medical care i have had .
1	dr. patel is the best eye doctor .
1	robin his assistant is the best .
1	shop is small but everyone there really is fantastic .
1	very good church , makes me feel right at home .
1	not too many people is nice and the band is fabulous !
1	after a few weeks of sessions i experienced an increase of focus and relaxation .
1	i would highly recommend this place to any planning a wedding .
1	staff has been outstanding .
0	enjoyed the setting as well .
1	good food , friendly staff and patrons , what more can you ask for .
1	i highly recommend them on their service alone .
1	this the the best jiffy lube by far .
1	very accommodating with fitting you into the schedule .
1	the interiors are newly remodeled and look great !
1	highly recommend !
1	the techs are wonderful !
1	they treat my furry family as one of their own .
1	the vets always take the time to discuss all options .
1	the pool areas are small but very nice .
1	i love the location .
1	managers are a hoot .
1	that 's just an amazing customer service .
1	i am a seasonal resident in arizona and was very welcome at this office .
1	his office staff is very helpful and friendly .
1	i would definitely recommend it .
1	me and my family have been going here for years !
1	excellent , comprehensive service .
1	the office is run very well and by a friendly , highly competent staff .
1	they welcome you like family .
0	the overall atmosphere was relaxed and very welcoming .
0	i had a very positive experience .
1	it is a harmony of excellence .
1	wonderful experience !
0	i moved to arizona ... .
1	tom and team - thank you !
1	so ... nobody likes having to take your ride in to get serviced .
0	reliable , honest , skilled and personable .
1	excellent , very courteous , very kind .
1	highly recommend based on that experience .
1	they do the best gels ever !
1	this is a great little local place .
1	i love this salon .
0	i wanted a regular mani/pedi and the girl did a great job .
1	one of the best treatments i 've had .
1	i will definitely be going back !
1	what a fun , unique experience !
1	reservations are strongly recommended .
1	i love this place !
1	the food is just amazing !
1	soon !
1	i trust them with my cloths .
1	they are super quick and the waiting area is comfortable .
1	for the services you get it 's the best price in the area .
1	kind of a bummer .
0	they did not disappoint and exceeded my expectations !
1	pleasant waiting area .
1	they always do a good job on my car .
0	car wash was good .
1	they do a great job .
1	attentive and friendly staff .
1	great office !
1	nice staff .
1	would definitely recommend family and friends to come here .
1	they have some great specials and the pizzas are great .
1	changing people and had the best pizza from dominos .
1	but the food is still great .
1	this is a nice place , it is a bit pricey .
1	a first class italian eatery .
1	exquisite martinis .
1	good vibes , good italian fare , great service .
1	go and be happy .
0	we enjoyed a drink at the bar before being seated for dinner .
1	total fan !
1	love this hidden gem .
1	superb service and tortellini to die for .
1	good wine list as well .
1	amazing food !
1	wonderful food and service .
1	the owners of this dq are awesome and give excellent service !
1	it is a smaller location , true .
1	the employees are all exceptionally friendly and appear to appreciate my business .
1	it 's very nice to be treated so well .
1	they were so nice and accommodating .
1	we love this good egg !
1	excellent food and service !
1	amazing omelets and friendly staff .
0	fresh , organic country potatoes and pancakes made just how i wanted them .
1	so delicious , two thumbs up to the good egg !
1	friendly and efficient , with a beautiful outdoor seating that we took advantage of .
1	for the price a great buy on a beautiful saturday morning .
1	the servers here are really friendly and always on top of their game .
1	amazing breakfast !
1	it 's really good !
0	and the buttermilk bread was super duper good !
0	the waitress was a little very sweet and did a great job .
1	the waitresses have all been very friendly and efficient !
1	friendly environment , great workers and great food .
1	it has a nice atmosphere as well , and seems very family oriented .
1	i know i will keep coming back for their scrambled eggs !
1	this is a nice little spot to go grab a good breakfast .
1	the food is n't extraordinary , but it is good .
1	cute atmosphere !
1	our server was very friendly and pleasant when waiting on us .
1	overall experience was good and the food is always worth the wait .
1	big fan .
1	good to see that they have fresh juices .
0	they looked great to me .
1	thanks !
1	great dry cleaner , quick , efficient and affordable .
1	friendly people and great coffee .
1	awesome tea and even better service !
1	i love the coffee ice cubes - really cool idea .
1	they have the nicest staff and i have seen the manager couple of times .
1	they make a strong americano !
1	really good choice if you like dark , bitter coffee .
1	the service is pretty fast , and the staff are polite and friendly .
1	i love their white coffee !
1	staff always remembers me and goes above and beyond for service .
1	best place for a quick coffee and their sandwiches are spot on !
1	i love this place .
1	it 's a great change from starbucks and einstein 's .
1	probably the best coffee they make .
1	it is so rich and creamy .
1	will continue to stop by here to relax !
1	thank you for a great coffee .
1	good location .
1	nice atmosphere !
1	the hygienists are so caring and thoughtful .
1	we trust them with our smiles _num_ % and hope to come here always .
1	consistently great care , friendly staff could n't recommend enough .
1	staff so friendly and professional and it 's never feels like dentist office !
1	_num_ starts !
1	friendly staff .
1	dentist and staff have been very professional , informative , and friendly .
1	excellent knowledgeable dentist and staff !
1	love this place .
1	nice people .
1	my family has eaten here a few times for dinner as well .
1	george also has some excellent soups to try ... but try everything .
1	it 's worth the trip .
0	highly recommended .
1	best chinese food in scottsdale .
0	food was really good , as was the service .
1	great neighborhood chinese place : check it out !
1	always friendly and fast .
1	i would recommend george and son 's to friends visiting the scottsdale area .
1	everything tastes fresh and as it should be .
0	the pork itself was n't my favorite but it was good .
1	i dream of this place .
1	love their food and service !
1	very nice contemporary chinese cuisine .
1	it 's been worth the drive and i 'll definitely return !
1	and george and the staff are friendly and super courteous .
1	we love going there for the lunch buffet .
1	and you get nice decor and pleasant service while you 're at it .
1	the decor is very modern and clean , and the food is delish !
0	we got lunch specials and left feeling very satisfied .
1	we will definitely be back again !
1	delish !
1	george 's seafood pocket is the best appetizer !
1	yum yum !
1	best chinese hands down !
1	excellent service in a friendly , family atmosphere .
1	it is a nice small restaurant located in a shopping plaza .
