0	i hate mayonnaise .
0	i ca n't even handle how gross it was .
0	went here for the first time to try something new ... bad idea .
0	expensive , lack luster burgers .
0	would not recommend .
0	fries are n't worth coming back .
0	the chicken tenders did n't taste like chicken , wtf ?
0	horrible !
0	gross .
0	sorry they closed so many stores .
0	charging $ _num_ for an extra shot in an espresso drink is plain ridiculous .
0	that 's why they get the score i gave them .
0	if i could give them a zero star review i would !
0	sorry not my style nor taste .
0	- oh and terrible tea !
0	i wish i could give zero stars .
0	i really really wish i could .
0	that leaves you no excuse .
0	all play and no work makes horse owners sincerely pissed off .
0	how sick .
0	you do n't deserve any animals !
0	the interior is old and generally falling apart .
0	tl ; dr version at bottom .
0	this place is bad news !
0	still down btw ) .
0	quickly found out they like to close for `` breaks '' all day .
0	which was _num_ am , every morning , for weeks .
0	if you do , make sure you get everything in writing !
0	these people will try to screw you over !
0	the shower has backed up with sewage two times in a _num_ day period .
0	you will find both in your apartment , without fail .
0	they are clueless .
0	there is not enough parking for the amount of cars per apartment .
0	maintenance is equally incompetent .
0	mission rock have done none of those things .
0	this apartment community is horrific !
0	my college daughter has had the worst experience living here .
0	village inn , home run inn .
0	i do not like anybody 's pan pizza in phoenix .
0	i am just not a fan of this kind of pizza .
0	the crust was kinda gooey like .
0	a pre-made frozen pie shell is what they are using .
0	pizzeria bianco - sit down joint .
0	i have spent more money on bad pizza than i like to think about .
0	it is a pretty efficient way to get patrons in and out .
0	defiantly not my favorite pie .
0	almost tasted like honey barbeque sauce instead of pizza sauce .
0	this place sucks .
0	we have been there _num_ times , with an attempted 3rd time .
0	wo n't go back .
0	the food was bland ... if you like spinatos , just avoid this location .
0	it 's not worth it .
0	friendly staff , but not overly helpful .
0	the pizza sauce is also way too sweet .
0	super annoying to find that out during the meal .
0	really dissapointed wo n't go back .
0	very disappointing .
0	they do n't seem to care either .
0	may be only the bread to you but that bread made the sandwich .
0	it use to hold the meatballs in and it was not messy .
0	raise the price do not lower the standard of quality .
0	personally i 'd rather spend my money at a business that appreciates my business .
0	great pizza but no wine or beer !
0	thats just not italian !
0	the bad service of the waitresses make me dread going sometimes .
0	and if i go , i 'll pay cash and sit at the bar .
0	we never want to let a loyal customer down .
0	no contact what so ever .
0	bars must be a bad business for making money .
0	i drink beer so ill still be a paying customer .
0	how much do _num_ light bulbs cost these days ?
0	this place leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to decor .
0	which is pretty bad since they 're not really ones to give negative feedback .
0	v is for very , very , extra ordinary .
0	i am truly annoyed and disappointed at this point .
0	but wait , what about the broth .
0	bottom line : disappointed !
0	worst experience ever .
0	never going back .
0	seems their broth just has no flavor kick to it .
0	it 's not terrible but there are better pho places out there in tempe .
0	terrible service !
0	the waitress dropped off the menu without ever looking at me .
0	eventually , my pho was dropped off at my table .
0	i seriously do n't know how the place manages to pass health inspections .
0	greasy layer of fatty broth .
0	i went to the grow shop and the same bag was _num_ !
0	they only want your money at sea of green .
0	what a terrible way to treat a customer .
0	$ _num_ ?
0	that is not how you make & keep customers in the long run .
0	what a ridiculous thing to say .
0	very low integrity bike shop .
0	`` well those walmart bikes are poor quality .
0	i ( and apparently many other customers on yelp ) recommend shopping somewhere else .
0	worst sales experience ever !
0	edit : after reading more reviews it appears they do this often !
0	seven hours later i finally arrived at my chosen destination ... crazy fish .
0	i kinda really wish i 'd gone somewhere else .
0	overall , i would not return to this place .
0	should n't have bothered .
0	gross .
0	but salmon and cream cheese is $ _num_ .
0	sub par sushi ( at best ) and terrible service !
0	needless to say , we left the restaurant and will never return .
0	terrible .
0	ripoff !
0	pissed off and will never go back again !
0	no wonder you have no customers .
0	they overcharge and the service advisor lied to me about my car .
0	avoid this place !
0	you will get robbed here by very friendly mechanics .
0	no nothing .
0	it 's a few weeks later and i have had no problems .
0	i 've experienced better , much better .
0	the prices are too high , the food is mediocre .
0	there are too many better lunch options in the area .
0	from the moment you walk in you can tell the employees hate being there .
0	probably never going there again .
0	i got to the counter and they literally would not let me use it .
0	so disappointing ... .
0	with the summer heat , fat tuesdays frozen drinks are appreciated .
0	i think i have hated fat tuesdays since they started opening in the valley .
0	the loud music will probably never let you down however .
0	being in this bar makes me feel dirty .
0	the music is always insanely loud ( and not even good , usually ) .
0	the national drink of the florida keys is the rum runner .
0	it 's a cocktail that is pretty much impossible to find north of miami .
0	well , all fat tuesday 's besides this one .
0	if your like frozen drinks , this is your place .
0	but i want more than just frozen cocktails at a bar .
0	somebody needs to get bar rescue into this place .
0	what a disappointment .
0	sadly , fat tuesday does not hold a candle to it .
0	it 's that bad .
0	not because of the alcohol in my drink , but because of the sugar .
0	not _num_ minutes after finishing my drink .
0	you do n't charge $ _num_ for very little , bland tasting crawfish !
0	i do n't think i had more than _num_ whole crawfish .
0	i wish i can post a picture to justify my disappointment .
0	so lame it makes me laugh .
0	oh wait , not i 'm not .
0	i will never ever , ever , ever , ever go here again .
0	worst customer service i have ever received in a long time .
0	absolutely no point .
0	horrible experience !
0	she said game would be over , before i would got food .
0	if i could give a zero star i would .
0	verdict : i wo n't be back .
0	bull .
0	ick .
0	just ick .
0	they gave us a smoking room even though we requested non-smoking .
0	why smoking rooms even exist anymore are beyond me .
0	like $ _num_ - $ _num_ .
0	the less than good - really low shower heads .
0	no extra blankets or pillows in the room .
0	* tub would not drain & remained half full !
0	unsatisfied !
0	i feel as though possibly i just have high standards for thrift stores .
0	okay despite everyone 's glowing reviews this place is absurd !
0	they have bottles stuck here and there all over the place .
0	i guess i 'm spoiled when it comes to liquor stores .
0	ick .
0	_num_ ) the aisle are ridiculously tiny .
0	it does n't take that much effort to clean up the store .
0	( cheaper than texas , not as cheap as cali . )
0	the problem is , i was n't looking for beer .
0	immediately , i know something was wrong .
0	great selection of beer at reasonable prices , what 's not to love ?
0	i 'm dumb .
0	he says nothing and does n't even acknowledge me .
0	tops liquor , this guy is losing you business .
0	just be warned if buying beer here to check this sort of stuff .
0	my food arrives quickly after i finish trying the eggroll .
0	no call back whatsoever .
0	do not use this company !
0	i have spent _num_ separate stays here .
0	the sheraton did nothing in the way of covering the broken window up .
0	what a horrible representation this person , william is for sheraton .
0	could have stayed at the w for that money !
0	rather not stay here again tho .
0	-the a/c is not good .
0	am i staying during my next trip ?
0	would i stay here again if i had too ?
0	wo n't stay there again .
0	sometimes it was difficult getting hot water in the showers .
0	the room instantly filled with an overwhelming smell of burning death .
0	then every _num_ minutes or so i would hear planes pass by right above .
0	do not stay in room _num_ or around there .
0	i find this appalling and ridiculous .
0	furthermore , i will never give priceline my business again either .
0	carpet is worn , wallpaper coming off the walls and bathrooms with minimal lighting .
0	this hotel has been a nightmare to deal with ... not calling back .
0	i will not go back to this hotel again .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	the wifi is horrible .
0	nick at the front desk even started yelling at one of our friends .
0	does n't cleaning staff report this ?
0	_num_ price _num_ gym .
0	one girl just said , `` that stinks . ''
0	there is water damage on the first floor so the rooms smell .
0	rooms smell bad , are still dated .
0	food is horrible .
0	disgusting .
0	in addition , the service has gotten significantly slower .
0	actually , most of my office has stopped going there .
0	actually , most of my office has stopped going there .
0	well , i am disappointed to say the least .
0	it was disgusting .
0	for $ _num_ there should be more food there .
0	veggie omelet - $ _num_ + $ _num_ for cheese .
0	gross .
0	the staff is rude and the dr. does not spend time with you .
0	i read other reviews on him and all were bad .
0	it 's really quite sad that this is the business model they chose .
0	i could not believe my ears lol .
0	almost no meat .
0	the food was bland and nasty .
0	would not go back again .
0	i miss the old tokyo stop .
0	she took _num_ bites and was afraid to eat more .
0	this is not authentic japanese cuisine .
0	katsu is not katsu , fried chicken bits .
0	katsu sauce they offer is a plum sauce , horrible .
0	no seasoning , no flavor .
0	absolutely the worst place i 've eaten in .
0	too much carrot and overall , not worth the price you pay .
0	not even a good soak in the just salty broth could wake it up .
0	very dry .
0	i would give the ramen _num_ stars .
0	_num_ dollars to put the tires on !
0	it ends up being _num_ .
0	customer service manager asks what the problem is .
0	total _num_ .
0	i also tell him my battery is dead .
0	_num_ days later i call @ 11am .
0	i just want my car and pay it .
0	get in , it does n't start .
0	i end up going to another garage for the battery .
0	awful awful awful .
0	do not reccomend it at all !
0	the worst people to let near your car !
0	they rip you off and to a terrible job !
0	only come here if you enjoy throwing your money away .
0	this place is in absolute joke !
0	avoid avoid avoid !
0	do yourself a favor and avoid this shop at all costs .
0	i have no idea how to fix anything wrong with a car .
0	be prepared to stay for hours no matter what they tell you .
0	however , they never tell you what 's required and what is not .
0	they are awful !
0	absolutely horrible , stay away if you can .
0	do not take your vehicle here even for an oil change .
0	i set foot in this store just once , and i never will again .
0	in short they are crooks who will charge you money for unnecessary part replacement .
0	cost me a total of $ _num_ .
0	you ca n't even talk to the mechanic unless you insist .
0	worst experience ever .
0	do not go here !
0	worst service possible .
0	will there be a 3rd visit ?
0	when i get to the car , turns out my battery is dead .
0	worse mistake of my life .
0	i 'm pissed !
0	glad they double checked , that 's why i give _num_ stars .
0	other than that it 's a total waste of time .
0	first off , i do n't complain to get free stuff .
0	the place was dead not a soul in site and dark as hell inside .
0	their sandwiches are bad and over price .
0	the service is incredibly slow even when the place is empty .
0	not very good overall , but pretty good for tempe .
0	i do n't like going to downtown tempe .
0	this place should be a museum not a steak house .
0	as others have noted , this is a dark place .
0	another thing to realize is that it is huge .
0	the waiting area had shirts that you could buy .
0	little over $ _num_ for two after tip .
0	flavorless and dry .
0	ate way too much of it .
0	the menu prices have gone up significantly .
0	it is a very hard way to cook a steak .
0	he never mentioned that milk refills would be extra .
0	horrible !
0	terrible !
0	do n't eat here !
0	i wish they would bring back their old menu and food .
0	but the food is really not that great .
0	i want to like it , but it 's really not that good .
0	the first thing to arrive at our table was our steak .
0	caesar salad and then an _num_ oz .
0	she could not eat it .
0	somebody in the kitchen needs to know about that fish and chips dish .
0	no biggie .
0	good steak is hard to find , but bad steak can be gotten anywhere .
0	this place is just way too big .
0	so disappointed .
0	no ambiance at all other than the tin ceilings .
0	it was an event day on mill which means parking sucks .
0	so , a $ _num_ comp on a $ _num_ bill .
0	steak was not good , chewy , texas road house has a better steak .
0	some had incorrectly cooked steak .
0	needless to say , we will not be back .
0	the famous `` roman bread '' is nothing special .
0	it is not bad , it 's just not special any way .
0	on the bright side , the place is pretty cheap .
0	of the great places in tempe , this would not be a return visit .
0	something 's very wrong at monti 's .
0	i 've seen better customer service at drive-through windows .
0	do not go here , it is awful .
0	worst steak in years !
0	i took family members and am now so embarrassed .
0	unfortunately , we wo n't be going back again .
0	or to know the very limited drinks list .
0	atmosphere is ok.
0	wish i have n't .
0	the chipotle mac and cheese needed more cheese and the was too watery .
0	the server seemed nice but he could n't get his act together .
0	just very disappointing all together .
0	it was so bad this is my first bad review i have ever wrote .
0	if i want steak i would go anywhere else .
0	always .
0	this place was awful from the get go .
0	no one else is trying to eat at your restaurant !
0	gross .
0	skip it , and get a steak instead for the price .
0	my main complaint is the slow service and confusion on the server 's part .
0	i would n't recommend this place for large parties .
0	come on management no one wants smokers handling their food and drinks .
0	the steak its self was very disappointing .
0	it was prepared well , just a poor quality of meat .
0	absolutely , no seasoning .
0	terrible .
0	simply awful !
0	sad ... very sad indeed .
0	no forks , no thanks , nothing .
0	portion sizes are a bit smaller here .
0	i waited _num_ minutes after the estimated delivery time and called .
0	wont be calling this place again .
0	he told me it would be $ _num_ .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ seconds of work ?
0	no thank you .
0	the lady said it is standard to wait _num_ to _num_ 1/2 hours .
0	there is one doctor and they must schedule _num_ people for each time slot !
0	what the hell are you doing back there when your waiting room is packed ?
0	it 's not fair and its beyond inconsiderate !
0	this place is awful .
0	i would highly recommend driving further to tucson or surrounding areas .
0	i do n't trust the doctors or whoever runs this company .
0	honestly , the worst _num_ hours of my life .
0	it 's typical to wait a little bit , as doctors are very busy .
0	a few of my friends are staying here and i went to visit them .
0	i think i could feel the springs in the mattress .
0	the tv channels are limited .
0	save your money and go to a nicer place .
0	this hotel is as awful as it gets .
0	the room was $ _num_ !
0	it 's a rip-off .
0	cons : the key cards here are incredibly bad quality .
0	wifi is expensive .
0	not worth it .
0	gross !
0	talk about _num_ hotel that has n't had renovations !
0	not a great place to stay .
0	also wifi is not free .
0	i will not be going back .
0	i always feel rushed and the staff is typically rude .
0	they nail technicians have been really rough and it hurts !
0	they are fast like many have said , but you feel really rushed .
0	lastly , i tried to refuse saying it would take too long .
0	i hate this place .
0	i wo n't go back .
0	they do n't care about you .
0	i would encourage you to seek service elsewhere .
0	prob one of the worst manicures i 've had .
0	and it 's been _num_ minutes and my nails are still wet ?
0	thats after we kept them under the fan forever bc they wouldnt dry .
0	the manicure was rushed and sloppy and my pedicure is all over the place .
0	there is polish on the skin and not even full coverage on the nails .
0	sorry uni but i will not be back .
0	unfortunately , i was the one getting the manicure .
0	they tell me it 's because i did n't get polish on my nails .
0	so , apparently they rush you through the pedicures here too .
0	_num_ minutes is way too short for a pedicure .
0	wo n't be back .
0	i walk in _num_ minutes before my appointment .
0	i gave em the `` _num_ min '' benefit of the doubt .
0	uneven paint .
0	i will not return to this salon .
0	i will not recommend this place .
0	very rude nail techs !
0	disappointed and not coming back .
0	i have requested not to have her because of this .
0	i will not be going back .
0	if you choose to come here , you 've been warned .
0	shame on you for taking advantage of my mom .
0	... ... okay now wait for the ultimate response from the waiter !
0	our waiter was a bit too attentive .
0	overall , i 'd look elsewhere before going .
0	my 25th birthday : a reason to celebrate .
0	no one ever said that it would be indian squash soup .
0	very similar to the taste of pho ( vietnamese noodle soup ) .
0	bland bland bland .
0	all in all : a $ _num_ disaster .
0	nasty .
0	the food is n't stellar for how much it costs .
0	gf thinks the mussels were good though .
0	complete disappointment .
0	have you never eaten at a good restaurant before ?
0	the atmosphere is very romantic and intimate .
0	our choice should have been burger king for the service , if nothing else .
0	sorry , no disrespect to those who wear the crown ; - ) .
0	if you eat there do n't expect any `` wow '' from the food .
0	he should have comped it , too .
0	that 's not enough anymore in this day and age .
0	it is unfortunate that it happens to anyone , but for us its unacceptable .
0	waiter does n't show up till we are done with this portion .
0	over all i would not recommend house of tricks to anyone .
0	extremely limited vegetarian options .
0	i would not recommend house of tricks and will not go back there again .
0	not cheap either , $ _num_ for dinner with _num_ glasses of wine .
0	just an excuse .
0	we sit outside and the dinner takes over _num_ hours .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	$ _num_ more to be exact !
0	that should have been the first bad sign .
0	no complimentary breadsticks or anything waiting for the food to come out .
0	wrong .
0	the food is so blah !
0	he wo n't go back .
0	i 'm a total foodie ... see my reviews .
0	_num_ ) the over sauce everything !
0	ask for all sauces on the side !
0	attention to detail is sorely lacking .
0	boar was very appetizing .
0	not the same place at all .
0	sorry about the low tip !
0	it started off poorly with checking in with the hostess .
0	granted , this is a college town .
0	however , the food quality does not meet the price they are charging .
0	i had the beef tenderloin with a bacon reduced sauce .
0	not prime meat !
0	it misses the mark in many small ways .
0	i doubt prices will change .
0	it just needs a little better attention to details .
0	also the gnocchi is fried .
0	terrible terrible service .
0	disappointing experience ... not sure if i 'll be back .
0	would not recommend !
0	overall this place is overpriced for its not so exceptional quality and taste .
0	it has been some time since my last visit to hot .
0	not so much anymore .
0	portion sizes are n't huge .
0	service _num_ .
0	uh ... no thanks .
0	it was a big year anniversary and we ca n't get it back .
0	i will not be returning to this restaurant .
0	not rude or incompetent , just not attentive .
0	oh no , she said you 'd have to pay for it .
0	never going back .
0	what a disaster !
0	the bread pudding was heavy and tasteless .
0	i 'm not in a rush to get back .
0	terrible mother 's day .
0	rude service .
0	what a disappointment .
0	horrible service .
0	our bill for three was $ _num_ .
0	not sure if it is going downhill or just an off day .
0	not a big deal , it happens .
0	$ _num_ out the door for a very mediocre dinner .
0	not good !
0	will not return , bad service !
0	there are so many better places around mill .
0	i know they always mess up my order and then over charge me .
0	restaurant just does n't cut it anymore .
0	guess i wo n't be ordering that again .
0	if i could give this restaurant a negative rating i would .
0	monday ... no call .
0	no answer and the phone just rang and rang .
0	they may do great work but crappy customer service experience for me .
0	for some reason , the pump would n't take my visa card .
0	painfully slow pump .
0	excuse me ?
0	your business will not last until you improve your business model .
0	prices are very high and selection is very low .
0	this store is a poor excuse for a japanese market .
0	absolutely absurd !
0	awful , ca n't say too much more .
0	they usually talk down to me and they are n't very helpful at all .
0	they are complete assholes .
0	buying pants from here is less reliable than goodwill .
0	the others are rude as shit .
0	garbage .
0	unbelievable .
0	can i just say , i hate everything about this store .
0	this place is awful .
0	there service is snooty and horrible and almost everything is way over priced .
0	no thank you .
0	would that employee wear those items you 're selling ?
0	if not , then they likely wo n't take them .
0	also , i have no idea why it took _num_ minutes .
0	i threw the coupon in the trash .
0	i very rarely find anything here that i like .
0	i 'm not really a fan of buffalo exchange .
0	they have made the decision that you do not get bags .
0	this whole store was disappointing i guess .
0	as for selling stuff , the worst part is the staff .
0	complete waste of my time .
0	disappointed is the word i would use for this store .
0	i wish that i could give this location _num_ stars .
0	save yourself the high price tag and go to goodwill instead .
0	do n't waste your time getting ripped off here .
0	that 's _num_ % !
0	this store is crap .
0	also , do n't try to sell your clothes here .
0	these people are way too picky .
0	unfortunately not .
0	( thank god ) i like that they play hip hop on mill .
0	i hate the door staff .
0	i hate the bar staff .
0	i wish there were more people like him out there .
0	when you are that young , you simply do n't know any better .
0	$ _num_ cover on mill is never fun .
0	staff is n't always that friendly and drinks are n't usually that great .
0	a gas station with extremely watered down fuel .
0	this place is a hell hole .
0	i walk in a get a hello from the barber and that 's it .
0	turns out he does n't know much about football .
0	he does n't watch basketball .
0	avoid the male barber with the black hair .
0	this is probably the worst barber shop .
0	after tracy 's left this place this place is going down .
0	also told customer `` stop lying '' .
0	there is many collision center in phoenix .
0	you do n't need any offensive language to your customer .
0	if people bring back their vehicle to you , do n't panic !
0	some shady ass people i will no longer give them business .
0	to say i am disappointed is an understatement !
0	still no call from jeremy either .
0	exclusive collision center is no longer in business people .
0	nope , still the same boring burgers .
0	to me the guacamole is what does this place in .
0	the burgers are decent but could use a little improvement .
0	they just never have that juicy medium rare middle that i long for .
0	there was really nothing special , nothing even average about the place .
0	but i do n't think i 'll be back .
0	no thanks .
0	but oh no , the burger nazi could n't leave it at that .
0	the food is tasty but eat it at your own risk ... .
0	second , my dad makes better burgers .
0	it 's not like i was trying to skip out on him or anything .
0	you put your own toppings on , which were your standard toppings .
0	but the service is terrible and the burgers are mediocre .
0	i had to wait another few minutes for the guy to fry the bacon .
0	this place seems promising but ends up falling short .
0	the chuck box makes a good boring burger .
0	they fall short of their topping options .
0	the lettuce , tomato , onion , sauce , ect .
0	the condiments are all sitting out and for some reason it bothers me .
0	i have no problem with old but dirty is a different story .
0	i will not be back .
0	i must be missing something ... just not my kind of place i guess .
0	too expensive for a regular burger .
0	in and out serves better burgers .
0	i think they like the idea of the place more then the actual food .
0	the guy checking us out was so rude .
0	i made a mistake coming here .
0	now i have no problem going into shit holes .
0	talk about poor professionalism immediately called corporate and stepped outside and spoke to joe .
0	this location leaves much to be desired though .
0	i wo n't be wasting my time and money here again .
0	the worst part is a hide behind honesty when their just full of crap .
0	only after you saw this yelp review .
0	this was not done at tri city .
0	i would never have been so rude to a customer .
0	corporate and stores ca n't figure out what they 're doing communication wise ... .
0	nothing special just a pizza , some wings , and a brownie .
0	extremely disappointed .
0	in this case nope , nothing , just thanks anyways .
0	total ripoff !
0	will not be back .
0	i am so frustrated and will never return .
0	you are nasty pete , especially here in tempe .
0	down boy , down !
0	disgusting all around .
0	possibly even insulting .
0	ps : and wtf is up with not taking credit cards ?
0	they charge extra for their bad tartar sauce .
0	avoid .
0	the same approach is taken with their fish patties .
0	i checked the ratings on yelp before visiting this place .
0	fried fish should have a light batter .
0	in fact , nothing should ever be fried in the batter they use .
0	then why is the food so expensive ?
0	it certainly is n't high quality .
0	it certainly is n't any good .
0	worst fish and chips i have ever had .
0	and their pete 's sauce sucks hard .
0	the guy taking over was n't a doll either .
0	bad food and bad service .
0	upon arriving home i see my hot food is sitting in styrofoam .
0	what a waste .
0	also the red sauce ... yeah it 's gross .
0	they also do n't accept credit cards , or debit cards .
0	this place has got to be breaking alot of health codes .
0	just take your business elsewhere .
0	i 'm sorry but i definitely will not be coming back .
0	the downtown mesa location is like another restaurant .
0	it is almost false advertising to call this pete 's !
0	no messy fish sandwich ?
0	that 's like no big mac at mcdonald 's !
0	last time i checked without customers a business will probably close .
0	this new breading is gross .
0	if it ai n't broken do n't fix it .
0	the staff not nice .
0	both of us ended up feeling and getting sick that night .
0	i do n't understand the appeal at all .
0	i got sick to my stomach .
0	all the bad reviews on this place i agree with .
0	i 'm at loss for words to really describe how terrible the food is .
0	just a here 's your order & having the window slammed .
0	_num_ hour wait !
0	ridiculous wait !
0	the prices are ridiculous for the quality and quantity of food you are receiving .
0	to top it off the customer service is nonexistent .
0	do n't waste your money or time .
0	literally the worst place i 've ever eaten at for seafood .
0	that 's right , the actual dealer was better customer service than these people .
0	he gave me the list price .
0	he told me that i should buy it elsewhere .
0	he is in no way professional .
0	they lost a sale .
0	absolute hell .
0	*** trails is the walmart of head shops .
0	i would rate them zero stars if i could .
0	it wasnt busy , so i got in and out very fast .
0	not appetizing at all .
0	which to me is a no no .
0	get back to the office which is only _num_ minutes away and dug in .
0	the turkey was bland and the bread soggy .
0	first time trying this place not to happy .
0	there was no line and only a couple people sitting at tables .
0	sorry , this one 's a bit harsh for me !
0	rip off much ?
0	but $ _num_ for a single print is too much .
0	yes , i am giving this place _num_ darn star !
0	i would never in my life eat here .
0	very noisy .
0	pillows are all flat and my a/c would n't stay on .
0	the walls are paper thin and it is noisy !
0	paper plates and plastic utensils .
0	do n't stay here unless you do n't like sleep .
0	i asked for email confirmation stating this .
0	it 's a disaster .
0	not marriott standards ... or maybe it is .
0	marriott seems to be sliding while hilton is improving .
0	i 'll will never go back to this establishment again .
0	caffe boa is about as exciting as bulk trash pickup day .
0	oh , yeah , i get it .
0	it ended up sitting there getting cold while we ate the salad .
0	cafe boa appears to be an institution headed for disaster .
0	wrong .
0	for _num_ years caffe boa was my go to hh place .
0	now they have a handful of their worst ones .
0	the prosciutto and melon is pretty weak , as is the cheese plate .
0	people like this are not the norm of course .
0	having dined here many times before , the service is indeed usually much better .
0	they used to have several great salad options , now they only have three .
0	it looked like they have less pasta too .
0	i want my old caffe boa back !
0	looking at the lunch menu i chose the meatball panini .
0	that 's when things went downhill .
0	can a meatball panini be a meatball panini without meatballs ?
0	not even a water .
0	and a bit pretentious .
0	caf boa you 've lost me .
0	i felt specially taken advantage of and specially pissed off .
0	this new menu is as ridiculous as the prices for average food .
0	case in point : a $ _num_ lunch special ?
0	strange happy hour menu - deep fried pork belly fat .
0	really greasy and gross .
0	some strange kind of concoction that i would n't wish on an enemy .
0	one of the worst dining experiences ever !
0	last but not least , there was the dessert course .
0	hands down the worst preparation of creme brulee i have ever encountered .
0	the menu is kind of limited .
0	this place sucks .
0	you do not get what you pay for here .
0	total disappointment .
0	i will not go there again .
0	we walk in and half the tables in the place are empty .
0	they 're trying to get your bill up with alcohol sales .
0	it was $ _num_ .
0	over priced , disgusting scam .
0	i no like .
0	the lobster ravioli may be the most overpriced , overrated dish on the menu .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ tiny ravioli ?
0	what 's worse is that the filling tasted like imitation crab .
0	a half portion is more than enough for the average individual for lunch .
0	a waste .
0	so why the low stars ?
0	i will not go back .
0	just absolutely terrible service .
0	$ _num_ for an appetizer size bowl of soup is absurd .
0	would return for the food , but not at these prices .
0	not cool !
0	i still have the stupid groupon to use .
0	food is acceptable , service is terrible .
0	however , do n't always expect to have their daily offered selections available .
0	i will not be going back here a 4th time .
0	really , caffe boa , you know better .
0	i am not sure who remembers that this place had an old location .
0	the new place ... meh , not so much .
0	i am very disappointed caffe boa !
0	we were seated and had to wait 5-10 minutes for anyone to approach us .
0	food takes forever to arrive , bread not refilled nor water .
0	_num_ dollars + _num_ dollars for meat for my pasta dish .
0	all in all a lack luster experience .
0	no complaints there .
0	sadly i wo n't be back .
0	cafe boa was just okay but there are way better places out there .
0	none of the ingredients matched what we read .
0	better luck next time !
0	probably one of the worst dining experiences in my life .
0	so , we arrive , after making a reservation for _num_ .
0	_num_ of the group order a cocktail .
0	i really can not say enough bad things about this place and our experience .
0	to me , here is where it got a bit frustrating .
0	ridiculous i say !
0	no bread , no water .
0	not sure the hype here .
0	no , i do n't think so .
0	they must not taste their own food .
0	dry , flavorless , under seasoned and boring after the 3rd bite .
0	no thanks people .
0	i will never return to this place .
0	the only reason this place gets _num_ stars is because of the interior .
0	unfortunately for $ _num_ this left me hungry and craving some flavor .
0	there are better options in neighboring scottsdale or even in tempe .
0	skip this place .
0	im not sure why they even open the doors anymore ?
0	she brings my tea and _num_ packages of sugar .
0	next i order a salmon caesar salad .
0	if you 're a vegetarian , skip dinner .
0	just removing the meat does n't make a dish appealing .
0	her lack of concern was surprising .
0	hands down worst service i have ever had a restaurant .
0	$ _num_ and no croutons .
0	and this place will not give you a piece of regular italian bread .
0	bread to scoop up all that sauce ?
0	but you ca n't get a piece of freaking italian bread .
0	i am not exaggerating .
0	not too professional .
0	did you know there 's only _num_ ravioli in the full order ?
0	i just assumed that all business do that for their customers .
0	cafe boa does not validate parking .
0	however , their service is truly terrible .
0	do not bother coming here .
0	but the food , for the most part , is not .
0	not good .
0	horrible experience !
0	first , i brought cup cakes , they were not cut .
0	butter lettuce , walnuts literally that 's it with salmon .
0	we tried to find her , but we could n't see her anywhere .
0	the food is fancy but is n't worth the price .
0	terrible .
0	very strange experience .
0	anyway , bill comes & there 's a $ _num_ charge for the wine .
0	no one is here anthony says .
0	no one is ever here this early .
0	it sadly was not the experience i expected for a brunch .
0	and really , who is n't pretty easy when it comes to a mimosa ?
0	still exists from this delay and poor customer service .
0	if you like leaving a restaurant unsatisfied , this is the place .
0	the meal was small and unimpressive for the price .
0	if like leaving a restaurant unsatisfied , this is your place .
0	disappointed we stopped by .
0	i assume that was to split the plates .
0	the chef obviously does n't know how to be innovative with vegetables .
0	not one more piece of bread without paying for it !
0	no bread , no goodwill .
0	sorry , it 's been sitting around too long .
0	she said no problem and that they cater to the theater crowd .
0	do n't go here for a large party .
0	b - `` which one ? ''
0	if i could give half of a star , i would .
0	no flavor .
0	very dry .
0	their service , unfortunately , leaves much to be desired .
0	`` unfortunately , we do n't have anything available . ''
0	my mom asks my dad and i `` is he leaving the bottle ?
0	esp salmon , it should never taste that way .
0	the bill comes and that bottle of wine was $ _num_ .
0	never going back and will spread the word .
0	now do n't get me wrong , i like thai basil .
0	i ca n't ever seem to get enough , and i really mean that .
0	one thing that 's consistent : they always seem to be understaffed .
0	to me , thai basil is style over substance .
0	one thing that 's consistent : they always seem to be understaffed .
0	too many other choices to spend my money .
0	veggie soup with tofu came in a small bowl .
0	more like peanut butter -- the peanut was overpowering .
0	`` no , not really . ''
0	there do n't seem to be many thai restaurants in the area .
0	not the best thai place .
0	thai basil lacks a lot of flavor because everything was so watered down .
0	i asked for mild panang curry and my friend ordered the mild pad thai .
0	so freaking what if we dont like your disgusting food .
0	gross , i know .
0	from the outside , not too shabby .
0	disappointing since i ordered thai hot _num_ .
0	the food is not impressive .
0	they will not make my food spicy .
0	i could n't eat it .
0	small menu , no spice rack .
0	the portions are too big could have easily split it .
0	if you want to eat real thai food ... go elsewhere .
0	ill never return !
0	not sure why people like this place so much .
0	the servers are always rushing around and the place seems understaffed .
0	very average food and horrible service .
0	worst experience ever at a restaurant .
0	their food is average however the way they run their business is awful .
0	apparently here medium means they do n't even use any sauce .
0	dry rice and tiny pieces of other ingredients is what i received .
0	for three people , no booze .
0	i seriously hate this place because of food poisoning !
0	not worth the price .
0	i would n't come back here though .
0	large , well run and stocked indian grocery store .
0	fried food , burgers , wraps and seafood are a dime a dozen .
0	everybody raves about this place .
0	just because a lot of people go there does n't make it amazing .
0	but , its impossible to get a table .
0	i agree with the poor reviews on this place .
0	i have found the food to be expensive and very boring .
0	however , i do n't , so i wo n't be returning anytime soon .
0	however , it is also highly , highly overrated .
0	for a real hole-in-the-wall , find a hole-in-the-wall .
0	boring .
0	dumb .
0	or do you really not know how to spell desert ?
0	i really do n't get it .
0	it 's just plain bad .
0	patrons above the age of _num_ .
0	slow waitresses .
0	$ _num_ kiltlifter .
0	asshole cops that follow you home afterwards .
0	sorry , i just do .
0	the service is slow and the staff is generally pretty obnoxious .
0	otherwise , just head a few blocks away to four peaks .
0	it 's just a different type of obnoxious .
0	this place is for folks with too much to prove .
0	i do n't smoke cigarettes .
0	this place barely has an interior .
0	gross as hell .
0	i do n't get this place .
0	it 's a pain , and confusing .
0	my friend said , '' i gave you my credit card '' .
0	she said well , i do n't have it .
0	customer service does not exist here .
0	parking also can be difficult .
0	it is filled with college kids drinking cheap beer .
0	they look bad , they will taste worse .
0	horrible !
0	i guess i could be in culinary hell here .
0	but no .
0	but let me tell you right now what makes me the most angry .
0	if i could give it zero stars i would .
0	i could n't believe my ears !
0	nothing special .
0	the people who own this business have no idea what they 've lost .
0	however , this is not the final straw for me .
0	so long casey moore 's .
0	it had no salt , flavor , or seasoning whatsoever .
0	the service is not spectacular either .
0	i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
0	the inside looks like a haunted house and the outside is a complete wreck .
0	but even then i think this place would disappoint .
0	total disappointment .
0	a total mess .
0	and apparently there is a bread shortage if you order clams or escargot .
0	two waitresses split between _num_ people at _num_ tables .
0	by far the worst service i 've ever had at a restaurant .
0	ate the fried oysters , and some bbq wings .
0	if i could give zero stars i absolutely would .
0	btw , chowder , according to my boyfriend was terrible .
0	i just can not say too many good things about this place .
0	it is busy all the time though so someone likes it .
0	looking back it has been here for at least _num_ years .
0	oyster house , i would not trust eating seafood here my friend .
0	nothing to really brag about .
0	place is old and had a funky smell when you walk inside .
0	i would say this is more a local watering hole then a restaurant .
0	there are better places to go then here for oysters and other food .
0	but the servers are not all that friendly .
0	i 'm hoping next time i come i 'll have a better experience .
0	honestly if the wings were n't so good i would n't go back .
0	would we go back , i only know i would n't .
0	this review is long overdue .
0	maybe i 'm getting too old for this , but seriously ... .
0	but this is my review , not his , so two it is .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	management says bartender made a `` judgement call '' .
0	management sucks .
0	horrible !
0	horrible !
0	_num_ minutes to get our two orders of oyster rockefeller .
0	literally the worst place i have ever eaten in my entire life .
0	i did n't know that a restaurant could serve dog meat in america .
0	at least the kids linguine soaked in vegetable oil will shoot through them quickly .
0	tough & way too fatty .
0	complete joke and very unprofessional .
0	this place goes to show you that crooks wo n't stay in business long .
0	i 'm glad i trusted my gut on this one .
0	me know what was wrong .
0	after driving for _num_ miles , the problem still remained with absolutely no improvement .
0	do n't take your car here .
0	stop raising our rates you douche bags .
0	they charge an initial $ _num_ deposit .
0	seriously , they are not business friendly .
0	why can you not pay their overpriced bills with a credit card .
0	why do we not have another choice for our electric ?
0	another $ _num_ deposit !
0	my pool pump does n't go on until 9:00 pm .
0	i do n't cook inside in the summer .
0	this is beyond ridiculous !
0	scam .
0	but i guess they do n't base it off of your credit .
0	ridiculous !
0	_num_ to _num_ .
0	unfortunately , they have repeatedly let me down .
0	i complained and got nowhere with their unfriendly customer service .
0	_num_ and _num_ .
0	the customer service is terrible and their atm never works right .
0	i would give them a _num_ star if i could .
0	worst company i have worked with since i have had my business .
0	she demanded the $ _num_ to cancel the contract .
0	that is a $ _num_ product .
0	as a small business they have almost ruined me .
0	if i could give this company _num_ stars , i would .
0	do not trust them with your financial information .
0	i 'm a small business and they totally ruined me .
0	poor food and even worse service .
0	this is not real mexican food .
0	i doubt i 'll be back .
0	nothing is authentic here , too much cheese , beans and not much flavor .
0	needless to say , i will not be back .
0	another five to six minutes go by .
0	greasy , greasy .
0	now , sadly we cross off yet another mexican restaurant here in tempe .
0	unfortunately it is about an hour drive from our house .
0	that is no excuse .
0	at this rate , another valley landmark might soon be going away .
0	we ate there and the food went downhill too .
0	i 've eaten here at least _num_ times in the past _num_ years .
0	apparently at this location that is n't allowed .
0	a side of fundido is $ _num_ they say .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	this is not really a mexican restaurant .
0	even the guacamole did not taste right .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	salsa does n't have a bite so to me it 's lacking .
0	no way .
0	could he bend a rule for a _num_ year old ?
0	i understand that the staff is short , they are looking to hire .
0	water , chips , salsa , etc .
0	we made the mistake in sitting in the cantina though .
0	the worst human i 've encountered in at least _num_ years .
0	offensive , tacky , and unprofessional .
0	terrible service .
0	bad food .
0	empty drink forever .
0	wo n't be back to this one .
0	not a good experience with management .
0	bad drivers , too fast and out of control .
0	messy store , dirty , sticky counters .
0	lets start with the poor customer service .
0	the floor in the fountain area is always dirty too .
0	have to agree ; probably the worst place for `` seafood '' around .
0	talk about annoying - the wait staff , especially .
0	no , it 's not the service .
0	i guess eating mediocre food in peace is n't good enough .
0	that 's your warning .
0	instead of a headache , you get to walk away with an upset stomach .
0	so , why _num_ stars ?
0	what i would n't give right now for another pint of oktoberfest .
0	the crunchy fish sandwich is usually served with cheese .
0	no taste .
0	save your time and money and avoid this place !
0	if you 're looking for seafood , go to the salt cellar .
0	at least there , you 'll get what you pay for .
0	( not to mention the blue dye they have in their fake pond outside .
0	what the hell is that about ? )
0	i will never go to this horrid place again .
0	horrible !
0	i was sick for two days after eating here .
0	the decor is the only thing this place had in common with it .
0	i 'm kinda bummed that this place lived up to the bad reviews .
0	unfortunately i probably wo n't go back here .
0	looking around , there did n't seem to be a server in our area .
0	waiting waiting waiting again .
0	in all , not a positive experience .
0	i will never return to this restaurant .
0	things seem to have really gone downhill since then .
0	the food and the service at this `` restaurant '' are equally terrible .
0	this did n't even include ordering food , much less getting it .
0	the food is very bland .
0	i 've tried this place a few times , that was my last time .
0	the food is not good to me .
0	i 've been there at least _num_ times .
0	food is very bland .
0	and just not very good .
0	i ate the shrimp alfredo and my boyfriend had a burger .
0	and the food is better and a lot less expensive .
0	not only that , but i had to keep asking the waiter for refills .
0	neither of us could eat more than a few bites and then we left .
0	this place in general is a little too cheesy for me .
0	they offer mediocre seafood with over the top waitstaff .
0	the food itself is just ok .
0	nothing to write home about .
0	the soup came out the first time cold -- ok , that is understandable .
0	no visit from the manager ?
0	over all , over priced and loud .
0	should receive zero stars .
0	the worst experience i have ever had after spending a $ _num_ .
0	that 's the only way to describe it .
0	i 'll get my seafood fix somewhere else .
0	we will never go to joes crab shack again .
0	one star just for the hospitality , _num_ $ for four pounds !
0	lack of flavor !
0	_num_ % + was breading .
0	should have gone to pollo loco in the arizona mills shopping center .
0	crab cake was extremely salty .
0	they kept picking up the phone and just hanging up .
0	guess you 're too busy for these customers because we will never be returning .
0	my husband and i both became ill after eating here .
0	very disappointed , next time i 'll go to red lobster !
0	disgusting .
0	but , it gets worse from there .
0	recall , if you will , the place was almost empty .
0	it seems like our experience gets worse the more we visit .
0	poor experience .
0	it seems like our experience gets worse the more we visit .
0	poor experience .
0	mistake # _num_ and still no manager .
0	however , it 's been more than _num_ years since my last visit .
0	the bright side is he brought out our drinks correctly .
0	and this is where the problems came about .
0	for my husband , not so much .
0	my husband would have given it one star because of the entire experience .
0	it 's way too loud .
0	i could n't hold a conversation with my date .
0	it was very annoying .
0	the food is not fresh .
0	i ate half of it before i noticed .
0	this is n't a great place .
0	should have tipped me off .
0	do n't you want your special to be the things you do well ?
0	just make sure you 've eaten dinner before you go .
0	ps - and do n't use the bathroom unless you really really have to .
0	so far the worst italian i 've had in the valley .
0	big mistake .
0	more like ... cardboard .
0	mmmm ... cardboard parmesan .
0	not as gross as the eggplant , but still not good .
0	bad service , bad food .
0	i would hate to see the place with the lights on !
0	the pizza was just ok , far from amazing .
0	i adore cats , but not in restaurants .
0	i will not be going back and urge you to support another local establishment .
0	this restaurant deserves no stars .
0	bad sign # _num_ .
0	i mean , they were n't going to give me fresh beer ?
0	i wo n't be back .
0	the house salad is really poor .
0	my wife got the wrong dressing but ate it anyway .
0	forty dollars and tip for a meal this bad is ridiculous !
0	all i can imagine is the place is paying you to post on yelp .
0	and a boston bar , no less .
0	it 's a little expensive for a dive bar too .
0	there 's too many other bars within a block to waste time there .
0	the food is only okay and you can only get beer and wine here .
0	that is just flat out nuts .
0	this place is overpriced and not very good .
0	crust is tough , toppings are minimal .
0	she should have noticed the burnt pie , however .
0	it 's not .
0	in a bad way .
0	the vegetarian pizza , however , did n't look too appetizing .
0	the taste is where it all fell apart .
0	the wood burning oven taste was not there .
0	there was n't the smoky flavor you 'd expect .
0	no way .
0	no how .
0	the worst pizza ever .
0	this place is an insult to italian pizza .
0	not a good start , to say the least .
0	nope sorry !
0	i wo n't be going back .
0	plus their beer selection sucks .
0	i guess polish beer for the polish owner .
0	seriously though , polish beer in an italian pizza joint ?
0	then we split a spinach pizza .
0	another joke , limp pizza , tasteless and dry tasteless crust .
0	so far , i 'm not impressed .
0	now , i have no ac and they are n't offering much to help !
0	so far , it has been quite the opposite .
0	by far the worst apartment complex i have ever lived in .
0	also , the apartment smelt like pure smoke !
0	i would have put negative stars if i could .
0	never ever ever decide to live here you will regret it .
0	worst experience as a tenant .
0	even the smallest of things !
0	note : no weekend or emergency service .
0	my refrigerator was n't working .
0	i could n't believe all the other yelp reviews are positive !
0	home depot install microwave for _num_ $ .
0	which seems like quite a hefty price tag for literally not doing anything .
0	so far , i 'm not impressed .
0	now , i have no ac and they are n't offering much to help !
0	so far , it has been quite the opposite .
0	toilet plumbing issues .
0	no bathroom fan for two weeks .
0	right now , my shower water does n't heat up .
0	i guess you get the price you pay for .
0	nice facility .
0	but most of the staff is very rude .
0	they advised me that this is not their procedure .
0	it took me a dozen tries just to get into my room .
0	the breakfast is mediocre at best .
0	but as a place simply to spend the night , it 'll suffice .
0	decor very dated .
0	upon entering our room , i was immediately disappointed .
0	i was afraid to touch anything and i could n't wait to leave .
0	after a angry conversation i end up in handicapped room .
0	, rude !
0	this place is disgusting !
0	i do n't think i have ever had one i did n't like before .
0	the topping bar is so simple and plain .
0	the dips are not very good ... cheese dip is yuck !
0	cookies taste raw and boring .
0	i can get a 1/2 lbs bacon cheese burger combo for $ _num_ .
0	i am convinced that they use the fake beef that taco bell does .
0	very disappointing meal !
0	never been to this location and wo n't be back .
0	this place is horrible !
0	this place has surely changed for the worst .
0	the bad parts are that the entire restaurant was dirty !
0	most boring strip club in phoenix metro .
0	why _num_ ?
0	i am a local and i am never going back there again .
0	worst strip club ever !
0	too bad for them .
0	terrible service !
0	perhaps it is their business model , but the staff are rotating on deliveries .
0	they only seem to care about making their tips .
0	after last night i will never order from any domino 's again .
0	yet you offer no solutions .
0	this is an utter insult !
0	manager extremely rude .
0	what a bummer , i was really looking forward to my pizza .
0	but they usually take that off the price for customer satisfaction .
0	the store itself is dirty on the outside , as well as the inside .
0	i do not recommend coming to this store unless it is your only option .
0	i 'm not a big fan if this grocery store .
0	quite rude i think !
0	does n't seem like the cleanest of places and my nails are lifting already .
0	rather upsetting because they are soooo cute .
0	the actual polish job was good , but the massage was awful .
0	unbelievable i will never return to this place .
0	yea ... never going back here again .
0	its not worth it .
0	the place could use an overhaul .
0	when i 'm tanning , sorry .
0	refund my money .
0	very bad bee problem .
0	poor customer service at front office .
0	office manager rude !
0	`` poor '' tenants , glass in the landscaping and rocks .
0	potential tenant , ask yourself this , do you want your deposit back ?
0	cars that are n't sitting broken down ?
0	the quality of the carpet is low , what do you expect ?
0	nothing excessive , of course .
0	remember , _num_ years of leasing .
0	`` we are sorry to hear .
0	other then that there is no plus to living here .
0	worst place you could ever live at .
0	it started off great , but now it 's going downhill .
0	the south side , not so much .
0	do n't drop your rent at the office .
0	do n't send it certified , that 's not proof of payment .
0	i 'm not .
0	sadly this is legal in arizona and they take advantage of it .
0	we wo n't be back though .
0	trust me -- save yourself the hassle and go elsewhere .
0	so i have to wait another _num_ days to get them fixed .
0	they seem like a high turn over in doctors .
0	prices are too high .
0	the service is awful !
0	this branch is terrible !
0	in short : a shell of its former glory , but still edible .
0	no brown rice .
0	it did not even taste like lamb anymore .
0	the plain naan which i love elsewhere , was tasteless .
0	the place looked pretty sad , not so clean .
0	no wonder !
0	we will not be back .
0	some days are good , some days are bad .
0	i would like to try the buffet though .
0	so why are they holding my money for _num_ week .
0	this makes no sense .
0	the bank is terrible .
0	i wish i could get my wife to change banks .
0	i just want to make a deposit .
0	third , no drive through banking .
0	no i didnt .
0	ca n't stand bank of america .
0	really guys , what bank does n't want to take your money ?
0	this place is not inviting .
0	you have to wait in long lines .
0	they will steel your money , take it from me .
0	first _num_ hours .
0	it 's not only ducks .
0	excuse me , but that is not my error nor am i at fault .
0	if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
0	literally the worst place i have ever lived in .
0	rude rude rude !
0	all of the negative reviews are _num_ % accurate .
0	just as nick wrote , jordan is awful .
0	she makes everything super difficult and talks to you like you are a child .
0	from the beginning it was a nightmare .
0	it is not even worth calling them for .
0	i have had the absolute worst experience with this place .
0	worst apartment manager i 've ever dealt with .
0	they run all their loud equipment before sunrise .
0	you tell mike , he makes excuses .
0	then , there are the tenants .
0	if you do not , they will pretend they did n't say it .
0	lastly , this place is seriously overpriced for what you get .
0	this place is awful in every way imaginable .
0	this is by far the worst apartment complex that i have ever lived in .
0	the staff is rude and extremely unhelpful .
0	it 's been _num_ minutes now .
0	gourmet wok used to be my favorite chinese restaurant .
0	their customer service is horrible .
0	i figured with egg roll and lo mein , the combination would probably work .
0	after picking up the food town items , i walked toward gourmet wok .
0	cabbage , carrots , but no seasoning ... frozen , not prepared fresh .
0	last but not least , the thai basil chicken with no basil .
0	the chicken ... no .
0	first time , not very impressed .
0	bad service is sooo not cool .
0	but this is very much not a social scene hangout .
0	avoid this like the plague .
0	do not come here if you are looking for a good time .
0	i will never be back to this dank and filthy place .
0	i was only asked for a drink once with no refills on the water .
0	she gave us a dirty menu and never came back to take our order .
0	i would not go back .
0	the biggest problem is the overall appearance of the bar .
0	the food is your average bar food , decently edible .
0	there are many better sports bars within a few miles of this place .
0	never acknowledged us coming in or while we were sitting at the table waiting .
0	very disappointed !
0	would not recommend this to anyone !
0	so sad .
0	i have been coming here off and on for many years .
0	not much .
0	disgusting flat stella on draft and service was horrible .
0	what a waste of space .
0	anyway , i wo n't be going back .
0	i 've worked in plenty of offices and i know that one .
0	so unprofessional , unorganized , and lacking common sense .
0	if i could give them no stars , i would have !
0	i joined them in october _num_ and it is now january _num_ .
0	extremely rude with a bad attitude .
0	but whats the point if they never get back to you .
0	nine months later , they still refuse to help me with other opportunities .
0	they do not care about their staff .
0	the degree of professionalism as well as courtesy is at its lowest here .
0	wish i knew that before wasting my time with them !
0	all of their `` queen size '' beds are _num_ inches .
0	this is the qt that 's walking distance from my house .
0	that 's useless to me .
0	wish they would smoke around back though .
0	i 've probably been to this location _num_ times .
0	twice so far , they 've gotten my order completely wrong .
0	i 'll go to sonic down the street for my desserts .
0	no credit .
0	no nothing !
0	but when i went to pick up my pants , they 'd lost them .
0	they wo n't pay replacement value , because the pants were n't new ?
0	i 'm with paul c -- better goodwill , than dry cleaners .
0	this is probably the worst dry cleaner i have ever been to .
0	this is absolutely ridiculous !
0	when i got my clothes back i only got my jacket back .
0	never again will i support a company that is dishonest and disrespectful .
0	its a crappy french pedicure .
0	so today , she is going back in , to get her money back .
0	the worst place i have ever been too .
0	do not go to cactus nails .
0	very disappointed with cactus nails !
0	coming here was the worst mistake ever !
0	my _num_ year old could 've done a better job .
0	coming here was the worst mistake ever !
0	do n't like fast food , but sometimes you just have to settle .
0	negative : nothing ever tastes right .
0	the chili is served the wrong side of warm .
0	i remember thinking the hamburger tasted just like my mom 's .
0	frankly , i would not try wendy 's again .
0	i was n't looking for a big order .
0	this place is garbage !
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
0	huge shout out to them for being the only reliable people .
0	update : the ownership changed and now this salon is much less appealing .
0	i ca n't say enough how great this salon is .
0	pretty stupid mistake to make from a professional nail salon .
0	nothing too crazy .
0	very rude staff .
0	do not go unless you want to waste your time for a terrible service .
0	how is it possible to mess up chinese food you may ask ?
0	just come here during dinner time and you too can find out .
0	any hole in the wall chinese restaurant is better then this !
0	okay i guess .
0	could be so much better !
0	terrible service especially from amanda .
0	_num_ hours goes by , no call .
0	so he gets me my laptop and i go on my way .
0	yoga is about finding your inner peace , not taking orders .
0	sorry , but i like my two minutes of peace & quiet .
0	the only great thing about this studio is the friendly attitude of the staff .
0	i 'm not sure i want to give this studio my money again .
0	after reading all of the reviews i was very excited to try this place .
0	i could n't even get the cleaning today ?
0	a ) i 'm over doctor offices that do n't respect my time .
0	you do n't have to be the doctor to do that .
0	this place is horrible !
0	they still use film x-rays -no digital .
0	_num_ minutes .
0	and no , i will not be returning !
0	i would not recommend this nail salon to no one .
0	she also told me if i do n't like it do n't come back .
0	do not go to this nail salon .
0	einstein bros bagels in tempe is my typical go-to breakfast spot .
0	what 's not to like !
0	if you are a fan of this chain , avoid this location .
0	everytime i come here they forget something in my order .
0	they all seem to be rude and hate there job .
0	slow service , unless you 're a regular .
0	seems regular customers get more priority .
0	i would visit again , but probably not at this location .
0	soooo disappointed because of what i was expecting .
0	this is the worst einstein ever .
0	never have coffee brewed and the employees ignore you when you come in .
0	they were adding the cream cheese on top of that .
0	i 'm not sure what the green stuff was .
0	it was disgusting .
0	this location is no different .
0	i mean really , though , two tomatoes and no lox ?
0	how the mighty have fallen .
0	listen to a loud conversation about a guy 's terrible luck .
0	this place needs a major overhaul .
0	this place is just nasty all around .
0	do n't have the little brown lady cut your hair .
0	if i could give zero stars , i would .
0	second time not the charm .
0	i would recommend finding somewhere else if you 're looking for quality work .
0	very poor craftsmanship , very poor customer service .
0	i will never visit this place again .
0	she is sitting with me now writing this review and i love her .
0	that is poor .
0	they still have not responded to any of my emails .
0	delivery fee , plus another fee ?
0	anyway , i could tell he was in a big rush too .
0	sides are weak .
0	very weak .
0	rib tips have no meat .
0	hot links , nasty .
0	overall , the worst bbq place i 've been too .
0	beef and chicken ... two completely different animals , but both tasted identical .
0	everything else ended up in the trash .
0	i am sad to report i am not going back there to eat .
0	they just do not seem to care about the customer anymore .
0	i have been a customer for _num_ years , but now no more .
0	she really did n't look like someone who should be behind the counter .
0	am looking for new bbq in phoenix .
0	sad thing is is that i work in the same business complex as them .
0	i will no longer be going there for lunch .
0	lousy customer service !
0	i will definitely not be a repeat customer .
0	a dirty grease color , limp , soggy , and not even edible .
0	what could be so bad ?
0	not $ _num_ .
0	not $ _num_ .
0	then cucumber slices and practically no onion .
0	i 've had bbq in chicago and this place does n't come close .
0	very poor food , unfortunately .
0	i 'm originally from illinois so of course i decided to try this establishment .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	no amount of sauces can cover that up .
0	i doubt i 'll be going back .
0	the corn was also disgusting .
0	but how can you mess up a hot dog ?
0	_num_ dollars for sandwich with no taste nor flavor it not worth my time .
0	wo n't go back .
0	horrible excuse for bbq .
0	ribs are flavorless , tough , and chewy .
0	sauce and sides are just as nasty .
0	$ _num_ for meat that should be fed to dogs .
0	i want to give it zero stars .
0	however , what really counts is the food ; which was awful .
0	i can almost guarantee this meat has never seen the inside of a smoker .
0	overall , not going back .
0	no flavor , unless you count the kinda salty ketchup they call bbq sauce .
0	the only thing i can say is go to mcdonalds or any place else .
0	i think the problem with tom 's bbq is they have loss their touch .
0	i am pulling for this place , i want to see it happen .
0	nothing , just awful customer care .
0	no no no .
0	any idea to make me look like i have more hair i 'm thrilled .
0	big mistake .
0	i think it 's ugly and am just dying for it to grow back .
0	but never with me again .
0	the problem with this place is their drive-thru .
0	this is not one of those places .
0	not cool .
0	customer service very poor !
0	i have been in the drive-through , two cars back for almost _num_ minutes .
0	kind of weird as the store seems empty .
0	this store is ghetto in comparison to other walgreens stores i have been in .
0	the store is not the cleanest in my honest opinion .
0	i wo n't go to this location unless i absolutely have to .
0	the inside is old and the employees clearly are n't happy to be there .
0	that is not really a bread bowl .
0	me and one of my vegan co-workers ordered the southwestern salad , sans cheese .
0	i 'm amazed none of them broke while i was cleaning .
0	lastly , their pet policy is pretty bad .
0	but all of this should have been done before moving anyone in !
0	i 'm angry , upset , and disgusted .
0	this place will mask anything to get your money .
0	spend your money elsewhere because it certainly is n't worth it here .
0	i signed a _num_ month less and i am miserable in this apartment !
0	my kids and i hate it here now .
0	either way i 'm screwed !
0	it 's extremely surprising there are no reviews on yelp for this place !
0	i doubt the management company knows what 's going on .
0	the office does nothing .
0	everything i stated above is still accurate which is sad .
0	do not move to this location .
0	my husband & i already regret moving here after _num_ month .
0	low grade features are not luxury .
0	nothing gets done when dogs bark at all hours .
0	the grounds are poorly kept and there are birds and bird poop everywhere .
0	after living here a year , i would not recommend anyone to move here .
0	it is not worth it and there are much better places than here .
0	but unfortunately that 's about it .
0	there is a huge bug problem .
0	it was disgusting .
0	sick people .
0	rude to others .
0	trust me spend the extra money you wont have to deal with .
0	let 's begin this list .
0	why the heck is that ok ?
0	yet they change the dates _num_ times and do n't give updates .
0	they `` renovated '' the gym but it is horrible .
0	creepy neighbors that seem to be on drugs non stop .
0	the apartments have cheap carpet in them .
0	would not recommend .
0	they can waste your time just as good as anyone else .
0	i would not purchase a vehicle from them or ever use there service .
0	i will never return to chapman chevy ever !
0	would rate their service department a _num_ if we could .
0	once again i said forget it and i will take my business elsewhere .
0	unfortunately he does not offer protection on the tire for future damage .
0	kudos to them for checking the car out again at no cost .
0	but we still do n't know for sure that the radiator replacement was necessary .
0	this just shows how terrible this dealership really is .
0	after i left , they kept on calling me and calling me .
0	_num_ different stories , and one or both are lies .
0	unfortunately after making a couple phone calls to managers , they do n't care .
0	so , i call and make an appointment .
0	should have probably done it myself at home .
0	pretty disappointed for my 1st visit .
0	but no .
0	i have done business there for over _num_ years and am done now !
0	do i have to give them _num_ star ?
0	they do n't deserve it .
0	i would not recommend anyone dealing with this company .
0	to get me into so they could a car sold .
0	worst customer service ever !
0	- unknown mystery fees that could not be explained .
0	how pathetic ?
0	i wish i would 've never dealt with this unorganized company .
0	for _num_ minutes ... with nobody to help me .
0	total waste of my time.
0	_num_ stars .
0	um , why did i drive down there then ?
0	this has ruined my car buying experience completely .
0	i wish i had read these before buying my car here .
0	the bad reviews could n't be more accurate .
0	so many things wrong with this dealer .
0	expect to wait many hours for everything .
0	i ca n't imagine a dealer being any worse .
0	but i will never spend my hard earned money at this establishment .
0	worst service rep ever .
0	now it is 11:30 and still no shuttle driver .
0	_num_ minutes later he called and said everything is ok it is ready .
0	if yelp allowed `` negative stars '' , i would use them .
0	why on earth would we throw good money after bad on another gm product ?
0	in addition , we are done buying gm .
0	no more chapman , no more gm .
0	terrible customer service !
0	worst car service i 've ever had .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	oh hi hello i 'm sitting right here !
0	shoddy work and poor customer service .
0	i do n't usually write reviews , but these guys deserve this one .
0	another thing is that i noticed that professionalism is not a thing here .
0	please take this warning serious and buy your car somewhere else .
0	they are worthless liars who like to waste your energy and time .
0	and i 'm sure in the long run thieves .
0	this dealer is a rip off !
0	if i could rate this _num_ stars i would .
0	my main issue here is the lack of integrity of this company .
0	they have completely lost my trust .
0	if that 's true , the management here really , really sucks .
0	even within warranty they asked for $ _num_ just to check what 's wrong !
0	i 'm done with chevy and seriously i will not touch another one .
0	no i would not recommend this place nor a chevy .
0	someone has to pay for the general managers gold and his obvious hefty appetite .
0	first time using the device department yesterday and it was not a good experience .
0	when i show up to get my car there is no one around .
0	awful and annoying !
0	worse experience by far at any company ever .
0	by the way this is my first yelp review i 've ever done .
0	we have multiple salesman in my family and they despise people like them .
0	everyone car shopping ever stay clear of chapman chevrolet .
0	no call .
0	ok she is being an ass .
0	everyone is in trouble because of this one car .
0	again i apologize we where trying to work with you .
0	proceed with caution .
0	after years of using the quick service area , i will not be returning .
0	big name car deal ... you would think they would have integrity !
0	i wish that i could give them a zero .
0	you probably see where this is going .
0	guess where i 'm going next week .
0	this dealership is the worst .
0	the girl told me the _num_ % would last thru the weekend .
0	so now i 'm waiting ... again ... for a _num_ % .
0	completely disappointed !
0	good grief .
0	or they gave my number to companies that call me all the time .
0	i hate car sales company ethics .
0	worst experience ever would never bring a car back there again !
0	consistently garbage service .
0	terrible communication .
0	phone etiquette is terrible .
0	like , are you serious ?
0	that is horrible .
0	probably would not go back to buy or service any of my vehicles .
0	i just finished reviewing precision fleet services and they got a _num_ !
0	poor service all the way around .
0	so after having my car about _num_ hours , they did nothing !
0	more than a month later , the car still smells .
0	no wonder ppl love ford .
0	really they chose an angry customer multiple times the past _num_ weeks .
0	by playing games with when they have totally ruined their reputation in my eyes .
0	horrible !
0	bad .
0	like really bad .
0	there was a line _num_ people deep , and no one taking any orders .
0	old chicken becomes very chewy and i just gave up without finishing my meal .
0	this place sucks .
0	this was not the kfc i use to know .
0	i feel ripped off .
0	terrible customer service , always out of chicken .
0	needless to say i left the appointment in tears .
0	highly disappointed .
0	warranty issues are handled , but not without multiple calls .
0	they are disorganized and have very poor customer service .
0	furthermore , they could not find my third pair of shoes .
0	however , i was also upset at the way they handled the whole situation .
0	i would not recommend this business to anyone .
0	i arrive there and guy _num_ is not working .
0	so , guy _num_ tells me to come back again on tuesday .
0	i keep telling him , no , that he spoke with my hubby .
0	at that point , i should 've taken my purse and left .
0	he does n't deserve anybody 's business .
0	completely rude .
0	however , i will never use this service again .
0	no business skills at all .
0	do not patronize this establishment .
0	horrible .
0	bad customer service .
0	the short jerk who took over is giving this place a bad name .
0	super rude and does crappy work .
0	i will never use their shoe repair services again .
0	i have had them fix _num_ pairs of my shoes .
0	i am taking them elsewhere this time .
0	super rude and very unprofessional , never going back to him ever again !
0	wo n't see ya there .
0	horrible business ... .
0	what a ridiculous waste of my time .
0	a freaking week .
0	rude , unreasonable .
0	could n't even look up my name .
0	rude about the entire thing , unpleasant , and unprofessional .
0	i get blonde highlights on top and the rest is a dark chocolate brown .
0	eh ?
0	never will i return again .
0	no big deal .
0	they 'll have nothing to do with you when you complain .
0	i will not be returning .
0	however , i will not be returning .
0	i keep falling for high reviews and end up disappointed .
0	i 'm escorted to the front desk and get prepared to pay .
0	i was n't looking for the style to be free .
0	also do n't hand out fake gift cards that mean nothing !
0	i 'm disappointed .
0	stop sending me emails that you want me back .
0	only a/c turned on in the mornings , is in the weight area .
0	thats kind of deceiving to potential new customers .
0	the old stuff is n't noticed as easily .
0	tempe is still the neglected one .
0	i know i would never recommend this gym to anyone else .
0	, and equipment is down for maintenance fairly regularly .
0	it 's literally stopped me from getting my morning swim in .
0	equipment is old and is not well maintained .
0	_num_ % of the showers do n't work .
0	avoid this place .
0	i wish this company would get their act together .
0	this gym is the worst i have encountered in terms of facility renovations needed .
0	why is my gym not open for _num_ hours ?
0	ok guys , i have been coming here for about _num_ months now .
0	equipment is old but works great .
0	really disappointed .
0	how absurd is that ?
0	its kinda dingy and lacking equipment but is close to home .
0	he said he could cancel it but i would have to pay _num_ $ .
0	this place is not clean and the front desk is not friendly whatsoever .
0	it is not accurate to report this as closed .
0	i do not like this target .
0	so it 's $ _num_ .
0	i wish there was a way to comment about the pharmacy alone .
0	there customer service i feel is not very good at all .
0	i would not recommend .
0	lack luster service here .
0	horrible experience .
0	absolutely the worst service i have ever seen .
0	avoid at all costs .
0	two weeks later i noticed oil stains in my garage where i park .
0	made an appointment online at _num_ am for an oil change at _num_ am .
0	website said i would receive a phone call to verify my appointment .
0	they call me _num_ minutes later and tell me my truck is ready .
0	every other place does includes these services .
0	i show up and craig was very helpful .
0	probably not .
0	they have horrible customer service and have shady business practices .
0	overall horrible experience on all levels please save yourself the headache of coming here .
0	customer service is terrible .
0	there is more , but i am tired of typing .
0	horrible service .
0	minimum _num_ minute wait for everything at this place .
0	rates here seem higher than other places .
0	i had all _num_ tires replaced here .
0	i 'm full and disappointed .
0	there 's was n't anything promising about the meal .
0	the worst is this : they use styrofoam for everything .
0	makes me sick to my stomach .
0	but , really , do n't .
0	no idea how this has such good reviews .
0	the chicken with broccoli was bland and way too creamy .
0	wo n't be ordering from here again .
0	i was going between it and another place -- what a mistake .
0	i 'm not kidding , actual tortillas .
0	edible , but not good at all .
0	egg foo young -- overwhelmingly garlicky .
0	but , not finding a menu online , we went with this place .
0	big , $ _num_ , mistake .
0	but one item can not really do the trick .
0	but sometimes i would get different containers .
0	a large would be a med , and med would be a small .
0	compared to other us cities , this place ranks very low in my book .
0	so you can imagine our disappointment .
0	maybe the crab puff would be good ?
0	when its good it 's tasty but when it 's bad it 's terrible .
0	after waiting for over an hour for delivery this meal was terribly disappointing !
0	probably wo n't be back , bummer .
0	the worst egg rolls i ever ate in my life ... .
0	the rice was dry and disgusting ... .
0	and chicken and veg for myself as i only eat chicken fish and turkey .
0	the fried rice is the worst i ever tasted .
0	she offered to refund my money forty min ago .
0	it was n't at all good or even remotely satisfying .
0	as late night i mean baked the fuck out of your head .
0	thankfully , tempe has an abundance of chinese food outlets ; goodbye !
0	just soggy .
0	but i ate it .
0	there is too much breading on their `` crispy '' teriyaki chicken .
0	negative _num_ stars !
0	hope i do n't get sick !
0	they seem nice enough but the food is bad even by take out standards .
0	the portion is unbelievably small , chicken is dry .
0	bad .
0	i 've given this place _num_ chances .
0	the prices are too high and the food is bland .
0	my usual place does n't deliver so i decided to try their food .
0	very disappointed .
0	i probably wo n't order from them again .
0	okay why not ! ''
0	the fried rice is white rice with a sauce .
0	overall , i would probably never order from here again .
0	its truly awful .
0	id give it negative stars if i could .
0	next time i 'm in town , i 'll order elsewhere .
0	i ca n't believe i 'm considered a regular here .
0	service is lame to pathetic .
0	no apologies .
0	and there is rita 's too .
0	i ordered the pumpkin pie blizzard and it was horrible .
0	i will not go to this place anymore .
0	this place sucks .
0	she said it would be _num_ minutes wait for it .
0	damn my craving for fried chicken .
0	the staff is always very impersonal and act put out to serve you .
0	worse the employees do n't wash their hands after using the rest room .
0	horrible wait times !
0	worst customer service ever .
0	they do n't even deserve _num_ star .
0	the girls there are not friendly .
0	and if you ask to have a fresh one made they noticeably seem annoyed .
0	sorry , not coming back here !
0	of chicken i 'm not ever coming back .
0	no wonder !
0	horrible .
0	this is honestly the worst service i have ever had .
0	this place has really gone downhill .
0	avoid this place , there are better bars not far away .
0	i wish i could give them zero stars .
0	my friends and i went here last night wanting to do some karaoke .
0	next time do n't make me chase you down . ''
0	ummm , excuse me !
0	there obviously will not be a `` next time . ''
0	strike _num_ .
0	horrible .
0	awful , awful smell .
0	this was hands down the worst business i have visited in _num_ .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	what a mistake .
0	i do n't want to do business with people who treat employees like that .
0	unprofessional and useless .
0	bottom line , there are better , less expensive options out there .
0	the staff moving in was horrendous .
0	the staff now is so green one can not even reason with them .
0	for the money you 'll spend here one can get so much more .
0	run , do n't walk , from this complex .
0	the people suck and do not care about residents .
0	they charge ridiculous fees when they are the ones who made the mistake .
0	this place is not pet friendly .
0	it 's ridiculous !
0	do not live here !
0	the worst apartment !
0	that 's not our fault !
0	the worst apartment !
0	worse apartments ever !
0	do n't make the mistake of living here .
0	if you are in any kind of hurry do n't go here .
0	the drive through is soooooo slow .
0	everyone loves starbucks , but sadly at this location has terrible customer service .
0	highly disappointed .
0	i 'm not one to complain about it being too cold , but seriously .
0	i definitely feel like i wasted my money here .
0	i find them to be over priced and lacking variety .
0	i guess i might be happier if i were a meat eater .
0	i am a vegetarian , who even when i ate meat , hated fish .
0	what , how weird ... i 'm used to seeing the nuts but fish ?
0	wish i could give it no stars .
0	never will i buy any fresh veggies from them again .
0	whoa trader joe 's .
0	if you read this review , please also read nathan 's comment below .
0	however , the new management sucks .
0	apparently the other baked goods like the scones , muffins , etc .
0	are from scratch , but the croissants themselves are not .
0	the bacon was pretty rubbery - probably because they microwave everything .
0	the croissants were decent , but there was nothing particularly special about them .
0	that does n't mean they wo n't be delicious !
0	that is not their problem .
0	whatever you do , do not order a breakfast sandwich .
0	it does n't taste good and it 's not healthy .
0	then i went to day and more then likely will never go back !
0	not even close to what a croissant should taste like .
0	very bland .
0	what a waste of time .
0	are n't you a bakery ?
0	seriously ... what is wrong with this bakery ?
0	i 've tried going back several times over the last few years .
0	so why go to a place that blows off your order ?
0	i do n't normally write bad , but holy poop !
0	next time will go get a crepe next door .
0	very over priced and quality is way down from childhood days !
0	not even service could save them ... .
0	i dont understand a restaurant that always runs out of food before lunch time .
0	nothing special .
0	the menu says the sandwich comes with bell pepper , onion , and mushroom .
0	not to mention all the people that have handled it without washing their hands .
0	kind of disappointing that you drive over and they are always sold out .
0	just very bummed .
0	do n't think i 'd ever have a reason to go back .
0	no big deal it happens i 'm sure they used bagged ice .
0	wo n't be back .
0	he told me that once it melts , i could drink it .
0	you are better off eating at a panda express in the projects .
0	it had veggies , chicken , pork and shrimp .
0	i would go again if invited , but not by choice .
0	horrible horrible horrible !
0	literally no flavor or spice in fact .
0	hit and miss .
0	not in a good way .
0	i felt bad for recommending it .
0	i 'm not really sure that i like wong 's place .
0	i was n't really feeling it on my second visit .
0	the accompanying photo is of the wong jo chicken from my first visit .
0	i 'm not really feeling wong 's place .
0	again , very awkward .
0	i guess i wo n't be coming back .
0	it is much too bad because i loved this place .
0	not enough curry or spice oils , so not enough heat .
0	by comparison , wong 's jr .
0	extremely disappointed .
0	no wonder people will think chinese food is very unhealthy .
0	not even remotely fresh .
0	i love to support small businesses but this was a really bad meal .
0	what a lousy way to handle paying customers !
0	probably some of the worse chinese food i have had .
0	unless their management has changed since then , i will not go back .
0	it does not even deserve the one star .
0	please save yourselves the trouble and eat somewhere else .
0	i repeat , the worst ever .
0	how can anyone f up such a standard dish ?
0	i imagine it probably tasted full of chemicals , too .
0	run , do n't walk away from this place .
0	panda express is a five-star restaurant compared to this place .
0	as i said before : run , do n't walk away from this place !
0	i will not eat at this establishment again .
0	many familiar choices ( if you 've been to a chinese buffet before .
0	mostly , i 'd say this was due to the lack of customers .
0	as a chinese buffet , i 've had both better and worse .
0	much worse .
0	i would consider going back , but it would n't be my first choice .
0	will not be going back .
0	disgusting !
0	this is where we always go and where we should have gone that night .
0	there was no way i could continue .
0	i waited a 1/2 hr still no crab legs .
0	this was not a surprise .
0	mediocre food .
0	so so so gross .
0	however , the condition of the place is my issue .
0	ate here last night for the first time .
0	wo n't go back .
0	you would be better off going to panda express .
0	i will not be returning .
0	i do n't even want to give one star !
0	which i could give this place no stars because this is disgusting .
0	place has no pride of ownership .
0	ripped seats , sticky floors , food has little to no flavor .
0	do i want to sit in a ripped seat ?
0	am i that desperate for your food ?
0	these guys have no clue .
0	do not eat this !
0	i would not order from this location again .
0	a greasy pool of tiny chicken nuggets .
0	ok , first off i love pizza hut pizza .
0	i 'm still waiting for a pizza i ordered _num_ mins ago .
0	if u do do n't tip .
0	awful service and worse staff .
0	i 'm grabbing lunch with my boyfriend and we pulled up to this location .
0	it 's annoying .
0	wo n't come to this location again .
0	getting it wrong from what i read is there specialty .
0	music going but no one home .
0	i feel bad that this company represents louisiana in any culinary form .
0	yet again , cold and flavorless .
0	in short , i wo n't be going back here .
0	this place is the absolute worst at customer service & speed .
0	damn you ace .
0	have n't been here in quite a while .
0	i was greeted by a friendly employee .
0	ace lost my business today .
0	too bad , i would love to support locally operated ace .
0	worst customer service i have ever received .
0	i guess they really do n't care about their honest customers and their concerns .
0	the first are _num_ cents each and the new ones are _num_ cents each .
0	so by all accounts a _num_ difference would be about _num_ cents .
0	if i could give less than _num_ star i would .
0	seriously i would not take a bug here if they were dying .
0	some of the staff rude .
0	dr would n't call .
0	very disappointed .
0	i feel like this should have been an easy find from a vet .
0	i left without scheduling an appointment and started cleaning my cats teeth at home .
0	they did n't even talk to me about her being slightly over weight .
0	fail .
0	soggy french fries fail .
0	how do you f up fries ?
0	customer service fail .
0	its crap imo .
0	`` no we do n't serve breakfast til _num_ am !
0	one of the worst quick lunches i 've ever had .
0	not on my burger .
0	not my idea of a good burger joint for lunch .
0	yes , _num_ times .
0	people behind the counter look at me like i 'm a problem .
0	yelp , i can not think of the words necessary to express my disappointment .
0	why the hell would i want my fish shredded ?
0	why are they adding frozen veggies to the rice ?
0	it does n't bring me comfort to know they are n't cooking anything fresh .
0	for mexican food , and terrible mexican food at that !
0	it is an unbelievable little place .
0	i could not believe it !
0	i will not be back !
0	a total rip off !
0	i wo n't be back .
0	this guy does n't provide the prescription as he 's not a doctor .
0	very poor customer service .
0	i do n't trust this company and would n't recommend them to a friend .
0	really awful customer service .
0	battery chains are a dime a dozen .
0	they do n't seem scheduled .
0	if they 're scheduled , change the hours of operation to reflect that .
0	_num_ stars on service , _num_ stars on availability .
0	edit : my girlfriend just pointed out the `` now hiring '' sign .
0	so do n't go there unless you want terrible service .
0	my husband likes them , i do n't .
0	not cheap .
0	this cheese enchilada was flat and i could not taste any onions .
0	not to mention it was lacking cheese .
0	i wish los taquitos would have been open at this hour !
0	gross .
0	we ask if we can put anything else in it and she says no .
0	and they do n't even have carne asada , its ground beef .
0	not a fan .
0	it is really a miracle that they could made such boring mexican fare .
0	but the food certainly is not worth the visit .
0	i probably should have read some reviews before ordering .
0	i literally walked out without eating .
0	service was what you would expect from a burrito joint , nothing stellar .
0	should we talk about their beef / chicken ?
0	i dunno .
0	michelle answered and asked immediately if she could put me on hold .
0	instead , i 'm a more die hard qdoba guy than ever .
0	i 'll pay more for quality , not to stick it to the man .
0	the service is horrible at this place !
0	i should know better than to stray from america 's taco shop .
0	but i only noticed from the texture .
0	but still only so so compared to what i am used to getting .
0	my child , like most kids , will only eat very plain items .
0	definitely nothing special about this place .
0	i can assume that is why that visit went off without a hitch .
0	so if you peel the layers away its really not that big .
0	my boyfriend and i stopped by after hearing a lot of hype .
0	very bland taste .
0	honestly , i would rather run through a filibertos .
0	they asked _num_ times , yes _num_ times could we have are table cleaned .
0	enough said , we would n't be returning .
0	i 'm not a big fan of this style of mexican food .
0	the tasted bland .
0	quality control needs to be taken care of .
0	guess not .
0	what a mess .
0	wo n't be back .
0	really , really bad .
0	$ _num_ and i feel like i just ordered a salt lick .
0	hell no .
0	i have spoken to the manager before and no one seems to care .
0	flour tortillas are not supposed to taste like that .
0	crappy customer service .
0	wo n't be visiting again .
0	very incompetent employees working tonight .
0	i like that this filiberto 's is _num_ hours .
0	: ( we looked for the receipt , but could n't find it .
0	from now on i am always checking before we leave .
0	keep your receipt too in case you are missing half of what you ordered .
0	the chips are burning hot and melt the containers together .
0	not vegetarian .
0	not worth the hassle of trying to deal with these people .
0	unfortunately it has come to this .
0	has got to be the worse mcdonalds i have ever been too .
0	the seats were falling apart .
0	their sweet tea taste like sewer water and it 's not even sweet .
0	their fries are not salty whatsoever and it 's so dry .
0	do n't go here , there 's wendy 's next door .
0	i ended up getting sick anyway , though .
0	they do n't even deserve _num_ star .
0	worst service ever .
0	my windows look all bubbly and horrible .
0	i should have gotten my money back .
0	_num_ star because i did n't even get an appointment .
0	horrible customer service !
0	do not skip over it !
0	first of all , i do n't have a dog .
0	luckily for me , i save my receipts .
0	i really like chinese and thai food but this just does n't measure up .
0	bland and not even similar to thai red curry .
0	, oyster sauce or both , thus making 'em not suitable for vegetarians .
0	tott 's fails to make the effort .
0	you wo n't be disappointed .
0	i do n't really get why this place has so many good reviews .
0	the guy on the phone said their tofu is only fried .
0	`` like the river flow into the sea .
0	i will not be returning .
0	you will see that there is n't a difference in the taste .
0	_num_ people on staff at the time , all were standing around talking .
0	overall , if you like soggy breaded chicken then this place is for you .
0	nasty and missing something .
0	there are way better choices around that area , no need to go back .
0	sad sad sad excuse for a cream cheese wonton .
0	it 's simple ; are there frozen peas and carrots used in the rice ?
0	the owner , i am truly disappointed in .
0	apparently they consider chicken powder to be vegetarian .
0	thanks for the unpleasant experience .
0	very disappointed with the orange chicken and walnut shrimp .
0	will not be going back .
0	i 've been here _num_ times .
0	the orange chicken tastes nothing like orange chick it bland .
0	the pad tai was really bad , i could n't even eat half .
0	but sorry to say this place is nothing special .
0	not limp , crispy without being too raw .
0	i 'm the wrong person to ask .
0	i may be back the next time my son bugs me for pei wei .
0	the chicken tastes horrible , dry and flavorless .
0	horrible management .
0	i would honestly describe this food as a really bad pei wei knock off .
0	sorry - but we wo n't be going back to this place .
0	its already disrespect enough you are in this country .
0	so unless you want the establishment to be shut down .
0	take out should n't be that hard .
0	yeah i walked in to get it , but the result is the same .
0	if it was possible to give this place no stars i would .
0	the taste was stale and the fried rice was rubbery and lacked flavor .
0	too bad , because i really wanted to like it too .
0	avoid !
0	so gross !
0	the worst food ever .
0	please do n't waste your time going here .
0	was craving singapore noodles .
0	no lemongrass or nothing thai about it .
0	just said they will let the chef know .
0	all we can taste was the sticky greasy noodles , pepper sauce .
0	this second review is really unfortunate for me to have to post .
0	sad to say , i cancelled my order and will take my business elsewhere .
0	i am all for local , so do n't get me wrong .
0	not so .
0	`` shame on him .
0	such a disappointment .
0	awkward .
0	keep in mind , this is still under warranty .
0	they 'll get your money , and then treat you like garbage .
0	cheap company that does n't want to do anything extra .
0	in the two years i 've had this system it has never worked properly .
0	absolute junk !
0	the follow through in the office is terrible .
0	is too hard to get a hold of .
0	terribly disappointed .
0	_num_ days later .
0	then _num_ hours labor at $ _num_ an hour .
0	ridiculous !
0	very poor customer service .
0	her tone of customer service is worst .
0	go spend your money to somewhere who will value you as customer .
0	clearly you do not have a++ rating ) ?
0	i always always get terrible customer service at this location .
0	if the tellers are not extremely awkward , they are being rude .
0	just do n't bother going !
0	very bland wings .
0	terrible !
0	for someone working on tips you 'd think they would do a good job .
0	_num_ minutes to get some water .
0	everytime we go to this dennys we have nothing but problems .
0	the staff never check on you .
0	i really do n't like the way they run this place at all .
0	this is by far the worst denny 's i 've ever been to .
0	it 's not like they were busy .
0	service is awful at this location .
0	lackluster food .
0	lackluster and mediocre service .
0	everything else has always been a bit dry or bland .
0	do not eat here .
0	the food here is the worst chinese food we have ever tasted .
0	garbage , junk and complete trash .
0	wish we could give this zero stars .
0	the napkin came up black , and this is not even an exaggeration .
0	terrible terrible .
0	a lot can change in a year , and not for the good !
0	i am not sure what happened to this place .
0	i could n't finish it .
0	i see people walk in to eat but i never see them leave .
0	a co-worker said i should try here .
0	i 'm not sure he was talking about the same restaurant .
0	they have cheap prices but they seem to be pretty messy consistently .
0	i guess it depends on the day or the technician you get .
0	she refused to refund me and hung up on me .
0	very bad customer service .
0	if you want fancy this is not the place .
0	wish i could say the same about the staff .
0	do n't bother wasting your time !
0	but hey , they 're finally taking all _num_ major credit cards !
0	it 's like constantly buying things from best buy at christmas .
0	it 's been hard to find something with the same tip .
0	i tried one , which was wrong .
0	not that they 'd care .
0	i 'm sorry .
0	this has not been my experience at all .
0	and i miss it .
0	two major problems .
0	their on-line inventory look up has been wrong every time i have used it .
0	i drive myself over there to find an empty shelf .
0	the check-out line is always long ( or worse ) .
0	help varies greatly from very useful to completely useless .
0	i hate to even give _num_ star to this location .
0	props for nothing else though .
0	and they are either following you around , or avoiding you .
0	its pathetic really .
0	it 's the only reason i could n't do everything online .
0	it will probably be many more years before i visit them again .
0	they now price match all online pricing .
0	average prices , cheap products .
0	probably more like a _num_ , or _num_ out of _num_ .
0	every time i shop at frys , they are able to disappoint me further .
0	she says `` oh i got an error . ''
0	she does it again from the beginning ... error again .
0	wait _num_ minutes and the box comes up .
0	agent tells me that not all items are on the same price .
0	goes to talk to someone and _num_ minutes later comes back and says no .
0	_num_ more minutes a supervisor comes over and asks .
0	ridiculous !
0	walked out completely empty handed and drove home .
0	not a pleasant experience , and will not be a return customer .
0	not that they are all like that , of course .
0	customer service was terrible , and insulting !
0	$ _num_ , down the drain .
0	way less hassle and better quality goods .
0	if they had _num_ stars , that 'd be my rating .
0	you have i walk to the food section and enter .
0	why do i torture myself by coming to this store ?
0	absolutely horrible experience all around .
0	they advertise items and then do n't honor the ad .
0	they claim it 's a mistake in printing .
0	i will not be shopping at this shady operation anymore .
0	this is totally ridiculous !
0	the customer service here is worse than you 'll find anywhere .
0	on one occasion , a female employee was typing away at a computer .
0	this place basically sucks .
0	i 'm standing there for _num_ minutes and the line has barely moved .
0	lol , now i am glad i left that ridiculous waiting line .
0	what the hell is wrong with the employees here ?
0	... i hate having to shop here !
0	coming to this place is always slightly disappointing .
0	unacceptable .
0	only thing i was n't very fond of is the customer service .
0	only employee that has beard .
0	his customer service is poor and he is n't very knowledgeable about car audio .
0	if you 're looking for car audio accessories you 're better off going elsewhere .
0	it 's been over a week and i still have n't got my computer .
0	i feel like they do n't care if they actually help me or not .
0	unfortunately , their service has always been very sub par .
0	but once you do , they are fairly helpful and knowledgeable .
0	unfortunately they were not very helpful .
0	they would not stop talking to each other long enough to help me .
0	the attitude of customer service is shocking .
0	but again this could be the reason prices are lower than most places .
0	while some areas have large selections , this place is really falling apart .
0	half the displays are falling apart and do n't have the sound systems operating .
0	prices are n't usually any better than on line or most big box stores .
0	the service here is so bad .
0	it stinks !
0	unbelievable .
0	it could be my go-to place for what i need .
0	i do n't understand why this is .
0	they will not refund me .
0	awful customer service .
0	no apology no nothing .
0	even the cashier has horrible customer service skills .
0	so frustrating and disappointing .
0	try putting twice the sales people on the floor to help those in need .
0	would not recommend this place .
0	i will never come back to this pathetic excuse for a store .
0	i love frys , but dread coming to this location .
0	will not be visiting fry 's electronics again .
0	bad service !
0	bad layout !
0	these guys are ripoff artists .
0	these guys are ripoff artists .
0	fry 's management , this situation speaks for itself .
0	no help to car even though they were supposed to help load it .
0	no apologies .
0	way to go frys ... i will never shop here again !
0	probably the most unpleasant experience i 've ever had .
0	why no pick up counter ?
0	what a complete waste of time and energy .
0	complete waste of time !
0	why anyone would ever shop there is beyond me .
0	bad customer service .
0	it 's just not funny any more .
0	this is not helping .
0	anyway , fry 's is official off my list .
0	amazon will always be your better bet .
0	i did n't miss it as i the information on the tag .
0	frys electronics has become such a disappointment when dealing with their extended warranty .
0	horrible place overall and little to no customer service .
0	but do n't expect any help from any of the employees .
0	no i ca n't show you ?
0	no eye contact , no manners at all !
0	very cold .
0	very rude .
0	normally i do n't do subway because there are better choices out there .
0	she then leaves to go to albertsons .
0	that 's _num_ minutes on a slow night .
0	i will never order from here again , not worth it .
0	also , they have chosen not to include salads with this order anymore !
0	our favorite has been the pan pizza .
0	no buffalo sauce in sight .
0	not spicy .
0	my daughter and son who ate the pizza are also sick today .
0	management or staff needs to start paying attention .
0	its giving a bad name for chicago pizza .
0	dont waste your time or your $ .
0	here it is $ _num_ .
0	that being said , this place is very expensive for no reason .
0	$ _num_ for a _num_ '' pie is a bit ridiculous .
0	_num_ pm , `` how long for delivery if i order the ribs ? ''
0	i feel really bad for them .
0	this place is an insult to pizza , restaurants , and chicago .
0	hire a better staff !
0	sausage on dry bread .
0	i 've learned my lesson , no more rosati 's .
0	nevertheless , not a fan !
0	customer service leaves a bit to be desired .
0	not very happy with the pharmacy .
0	waiting _num_ days for cough medicine .
0	by the time it comes in , i will not need it any longer !
0	shut your computers down if you are closed !
0	worse customer service ever !
0	i 'll just drive further to cvs , way nicer .
0	the service has went down hill for me this past year .
0	the service here completely sucks though .
0	`` express lane '' is a complete joke .
0	to bad there is n't negative stars .
0	she does n't know how to treat customers for sure .
0	i would definitely not recommend this place ever .
0	if it was possible to give zero stars i would .
0	bad communication .
0	the damage they caused is over $ _num_ .
0	trash everywhere .
0	tried ordering sundaes also and they had no spoons !
0	if i could give a _num_ for this mcdonald 's i would .
0	this seriously is the worst , i mean very worst fast food place ever .
0	they hire really lame employees and do not properly stock their supplies .
0	if you do n't sell , ice , then why advertise for it ?
0	this is the worst mcdonalds ever .
0	first was bad but decided to try again second mistake .
0	went back and explained the error acted like no problem .
0	very poor mcdonald 's overall .
0	that is not true !
0	to make it worse , they kept serving them to other drive-thru customers !
0	this mcdonald 's is a joke .
0	the staff are not trained and are basically clueless .
0	very obvious that this place lacks good management !
0	i wish that yelp would offer less than _num_ star .
0	will not let a customer complain and vent .
0	unfortunately you can not give negative stars .
0	will not let a customer complain and vent .
0	there should be a zero star option .
0	terrible service .
0	thumbs down !
0	pizza is good for cheap pizza .
0	the employees are not helpful or friendly .
0	this location is terrible !
0	he said they 'd remake my food , but it would take even longer .
0	courtesy gets an f rating from me .
0	do n't go here for your banking .
0	their customer service is terrible and they are incompetent .
0	another thing to beware of is fees .
0	basically , they are charging you $ _num_ per month for a paper statement .
0	it just seems greedy to me .
0	after _num_ days your screwed .
0	do n't let this happen to you .
0	amateur hour .
0	walked in to get info about opening a checking account .
0	gross !
0	not a great place to eat in my opinion just greasy bar food .
0	they use peanut oil and do n't inform customers .
0	and that is the problem .
0	considering there customer service has not been the most exceptional .
0	well i would n't charge us to hold on to our money .
0	how disappointing .
0	no kidding .
0	had to drop another star because of how ridiculous this bank is .
0	but , i should n't be paying for that anyways .
0	um ... no thanks !
0	they are the worst credit union in arizona .
0	they are still the worst probably in the whole us .
0	do your research before you step into this unprofessional and unethical place .
0	the waiting line was very long before noon on wednesday as well .
0	run to a different place unless you have good lube .
0	you will get screwed .
0	his employee even apologies to me and said he does it to everyone .
0	_num_ hours later the ice maker was still not dropping ice .
0	keep in mind , i 'm not trying to get something for free here .
0	so i guess i 'll just do that .
0	appliance express is not open on mondays .
0	* & $ % wtf ?
0	poor customer service !
0	not sure i would want used parts .
0	if i could give a lower review than one star i would .
0	i check out the ice maker , still broken no ice being made .
0	i call appliance express and at this point i am extremely upset .
0	i get a call from scott and set up _num_ hour window .
0	technician said he would order parts and then would return to repair .
0	they stated parts did not arrive yet and would check the next day .
0	each week i called i would get the same 5-7 day message .
0	the staff here is so rude and quick to judge you .
0	can not rate any lower .
0	rude !
0	they refuse to remove me from their call list .
0	i would rate value village at the worst possible company .
0	i will never , never , ever !
0	prices are too high , i repeat , too high .
0	they have horrible customer service all of the employees have very bad customer service .
0	the store is very dirty .
0	would n't recommend this thrift store .
0	try another one that has better customer service and prices .
0	this is the first time in _num_ years i bought an american made car .
0	why do n't they just shut down for the summer ?
0	no loan .
0	the office is open on saturday for pick up , drop off and estimates .
0	i 'm not an idiot .
0	so already over $ _num_ .
0	and figured to get a thorough diagnostic , it would be worth it .
0	to check those , it would have to go to each department ?
0	the parking lights wo n't go off .
0	summary - they nickel and dime you to death if you allow it .
0	if you need any body work , go elsewhere .
0	still waiting for my car to be fixed correctly almost _num_ months later .
0	no stars !
0	i 'm going as far away as i can from you !
0	do n't waste your time here .
0	they seem to be a bit slow today .
0	what a crappy way to run a business !
0	while at the northern ave location , they would not take back my exchange .
0	although they let everyone else know they have a _num_ % satisfaction guarantee .
0	extremely offended and disappointed .
0	whenever i go in i always buy over a $ _num_ worth of stuff .
0	worst one i 've ever been to !
0	they had a sale buy _num_ get _num_ free .
0	what a waste of time and energy .
0	not _num_ minutes after that time .
0	if i could give negative stars i would !
0	bought a shirt at register _num_ in the sport clothes section of the store .
0	horrible service !
0	everyone there had a horrible attitude , customers are not a priority .
0	please do n't go you will regret .
0	pretty annoying actually .
0	plus the quality of jewelry is crap .
0	so i said excuse me can i come back and get my order ?
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
0	it smells like death .
0	this is _num_ .
0	i paid with a debit card and was still treated rudely !
0	your sandwiches are not that great !
0	bad day ?
0	once again , no call , no peter .
0	horrible customer service from the operations manager and up .
0	i paid my bill in full and will never do business with them again .
0	no stars for the service , the food prices and soda refill charge .
0	servers are not knowledgeable about menu items and food .
0	no toilet paper in bathroom only hand towels .
0	no fatty chunks or bones .
0	other places give u tons of onion n few cilantro leaves .
0	terrible service .
0	no returns , even less than an hour later .
0	staff not friendly i felt like i was being followed around the whole time .
0	terrible customer service and poor food quality .
0	will never go back as i would not recommend it .
0	terrible , greasy food .
0	it 's offensive to call this chinese food .
0	employees really hate their jobs and people .
0	almost like they do it on purpose because you ordered online .
0	i would skip this panda and go elsewhere .
0	this is the worst panda ever .
0	he told me that it would cost $ _num_ for all this work .
0	i am lost as a customer .
0	( no , he does n't ) .
0	is n't he dead ?
0	dave ruins his reputation allowing someone in his shop who does this .
0	i do n't know why this place has such high reviews ?
0	which is sad being a new age store , i expect good energy .
0	horrible !
0	others may be good ... this dude , no !
0	apparently they hire a company to come tow people every night .
0	should n't they already know if someone parks in their lot ?
0	horrible experience .
0	staff is not very knowledgeable .
0	do n't say i did n't warn you .
0	it 's bad business and bad customer service .
0	possibly the worst customer service i 've ever experienced in the valley .
0	never again will they get my dollars .
0	either way you 'd get better service at wal-mart than at dee 's .
0	i despise going here to get dance gear .
0	freezer burn maybe ?
0	where do i start with this place ?
0	i went back for another paid follow up visit .
0	i tried calling back to see about getting another brand of trails .
0	the customer service is just flat out rude .
0	do n't expect a phone call back .
0	they also do n't care about their customers .
0	even the doctor does n't care .
0	this has been one expensive nightmare !
0	the delivery people said they would return in an hour to install .
0	the worst customer service ever .
0	needless to say i will never purchase anything from sears ever again .
0	( my biggest mistake ) .
0	if i could go back this is what i would do .
0	and that 's too bad because the best advertisement is word of mouth .
0	i hate these big pharmacy chains !
0	too bad this person does n't listen !
0	i can not believe i wasted my time and money .
0	i could n't believe they could go stale .
0	that place seems to be so busy .
0	he kept making jokes and laughing .
0	ill never go back there again .
0	their meat is really overpriced over other places .
0	no grill flavor .
0	just horrible place .
0	trust me you will not be disappointed .
0	i do not want them to spit in my food .
0	such a waste of money .
0	gross and cold anytime i 've ever went .
0	it 's really a shame how bad this location is .
0	i do n't want to be the next case of food poisoning .
0	terrible .
0	before getting my change , i handed her two dollars for tip .
0	seriously ?
0	the horchata taste like the cheap kind with a gritty texture .
0	bland service .
0	do n't get me started on the chips with sour cream and guacamole .
0	it seems like they do n't use fresh produce at all .
0	this place is crap !
0	horrible .
0	terrible customer service .
0	gross .
0	this is where old clothes go to die .
0	which would have been a lot more satisfying to both me and my wallet .
0	they are open late and down there and have never let me down .
0	horrible service !
0	horrible service and the hand wash is worthless .
0	_num_ regular car washes pass before they even got to my car .
0	worst car wash experience ever .
0	do not recommend .
0	why the heck would i want to get out of my car too early .
0	no big deal just annoying .
0	so no one tells you they just expect you to know .
0	also i feel pretty sad for those that work there .
0	i heard someone yelling at employees and yelling about employees .
0	not the kind of entertainment i was wanting .
0	worst car wash that i have ever had .
0	i will not be returning .
0	why would i pay for wheels to get cleaned and they 're not ?
0	they charge a pretty hefty fee for sub par work .
0	that 2nd guy is the only reason this is a _num_ star review .
0	he told me oh less than an hour you 're the first one in .
0	no thank you .
0	this past week was my last time taking my car here .
0	sad that i have to find another place after so many years .
0	like that is an excuse .
0	then i had to wait for a different manager to help me .
0	horrible job , long waits .
0	if i could give no stars i would .
0	i call manager , i called police .
0	worst ever and now i am done for ever with danny 's .
0	my car sits while _num_ others behind me get wiped down .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	expensive , slow , and terrible !
0	nasty !
0	they did n't vacuum it nor did they spray the scent inside .
0	the attendants do a poor job on the interior and windows .
0	you lost a customer that has been going there for the last _num_ years !
0	do n't get kids meal with chicken nuggets !
0	gross !
0	they have only _num_ gyro on the menu .
0	c'mon now , every greek restaurant should have more than _num_ type of gyro .
0	i ca n't stand banking here .
0	just do n't bank here .
0	the worst banking center ever .
0	_num_ minutes going early in the morning .
0	very difficult to believe that anybody would find anything tasteful in this restaurant .
0	really nothing special or good .
0	too bad ... .
0	this lenny 's location is horrible .
0	they do n't even deserve _num_ star .
0	i got the double patty burger , which are still sadly , very thin .
0	that 's a no .
0	pickles feel plastic .
0	not good at all !
0	i 'm not exaggerating .
0	fries are tasteless , greasy and i suspect cooked in old oil .
0	terrible .
0	not to mention the man taking my order had a coke nail .
0	i could n't eat them .
0	also could not finish that .
0	disgusting !
0	until things change , i wo n't be wasting any more money here .
0	the pizza is not awful .
0	it is pizza and when is pizza ever bad ?
0	however , it is nothing special and definitely below average .
0	crust is awesome , homemade sausage is fabulous !
0	horrible in attentive staff .
0	unfortunately the service was so disappointing that i will not return .
0	could not even taste it do to the poor hours .
0	as per me i did not like the pizza taste at all .
0	vito 's gets the thumbs down , we will not order again .
0	all spice , no interest .
0	their tomato sauce also is flavorless .
0	overall very boring pizza experience ; in a word , disappointing .
0	even the national chains do it better .
0	apparently i much prefer ny style pizza , not chicago .
0	i miss the pizza from my old hood ( aiello 's ) .
0	apparently , it is closed !
0	this is n't even where i started out to go for lunch today .
0	i will not come here again .
0	ca n't get this place to call me back that 's holding my car .
0	i would highly recommend not using this place .
0	same guy working there , and he was just a complete jerk .
0	big waste of time !
0	but being a customer i feel that it was poor service .
0	okay very old inside and out even smells old inside .
0	nothing to ever come back again to .
0	really awful .
0	that 's _num_ of us though .
0	no stars !
0	this is the worst bingo i 've ever gone to !
0	i tried calling _num_ times with no answer .
0	ummm no !
0	dont come here !
0	worst mistake .
0	worst customer service .
0	save your money and go somewhere else or they will rip you off !
0	this is ridiculous !
0	no parmesan cheese and not even an apology !
0	i 've been craving this place since then .
0	store is a mess .
0	a complete waste of time .
0	they were n't out , they do n't carry them .
0	basic as fuck , i want no part of it .
0	kinda funny , kinda not .
0	no customer service .
0	am yet to get a call back .
0	on top of never getting status updates about what was going on .
0	as brake shops go there are no worse than most .
0	too quickly .
0	strike _num_ .
0	will not be back .
0	too many other places in phoenix .
0	staff does nothing .
0	the place was disgusting and completely filthy .
0	the end result is functional doggie door on a messy wall .
0	they should know better .
0	this place should be shut down for good .
0	so disappointed !
0	used , torn furniture for $ _num_ !
0	looking back , the experience was a nightmare .
0	this is ridiculous .
0	one woman in particular kept ignoring me when i was complaining .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
0	and she replied `` no , i do n't !
0	she even insulted my two remaining guests by telling them how messy they were .
0	you need to call at least _num_ hours in advance to make the reservation .
0	the coupon price does not include tax and gratuity .
0	too bad !
0	they then direct you to another restroom away from diners .
0	i do n't really understand how this happened .
0	i also do n't think that it would be worth it at full price .
0	boy what a mistake it was buying this deal !
0	not me !
0	ha ha would not recommend this place to anyone !
0	we sat for another _num_ mins without any service , not even tea .
0	this place is a disaster as a tea house .
0	more rudeness , more waiting , mediocre food .
0	skip this place .
0	people are rude on the phone and in person !
0	do yourself a favor and skip this place !
0	do n't walk - run from this place !
0	yes , i am serious .
0	so you get dry sandwiches and cold scones .
0	no food in any restaurant tastes good with bad customer service .
0	do n't even waste your time .
0	no complaints there .
0	also , there 's no substitutions of food .
0	i do not recommend this place , due to the customer service .
0	and no , it is not an exaggeration .
0	worst customer service !
0	rude !
0	i will not return and hope you take this into consideration .
0	so disappointing that they would n't accomodate .
0	this is the worst machine shop to go to .
0	no clue !
0	i said no , i will be eating here .
0	she said i do n't let people eat here unless they spend _num_ .
0	this was my first time using mm and i will never use them again .
0	such a rip off !
0	this was just the closest place to my house .
0	so strange that a business owner would blow off a large job like this .
0	i 'm not just saying that it was dry chicken .
0	worst ever !
0	negative _num_ stars !
0	god knows how long it was in that warmer ... .
0	so , i asked , `` which flavors are available tonight ? ''
0	the place is very old and that makes it look very dirty .
0	the pizza was missing some toppings too .
0	we have n't gone back and probably never will .
0	_num_ weeks later ... .
0	chairs came ... and they 're the wrong color .
0	okay , now i 'm definitely not paying the difference for the chairs .
0	you are greeted by a giant stuffed bear in a glass case .
0	no calls to apologize for change of delivery date .
0	we have not had a great experience with lee 's quality counter tops .
0	i would rather take my wife and kids to taco bell after tonight .
0	it 's also not as clean as it used to be .
0	first this place is not cheep .
0	do not deal with arnold .
0	it would have been nice to felt welcome not like a bother .
0	not a good place to take young kids .
0	my beer mug was dirty , and i never notice things like that .
0	no music was playing .
0	the booths are small and cramped and the food is nothing special !
0	dont understand how people make lines and wait for this place .
0	they obviously do n't know any better .
0	also they do not serve horchata !
0	the waitresses ignore you and avoid you until tip time .
0	ate here for the first time with my girlfriend .
0	the refried beans is typical refried beans out of a can .
0	not all that .
0	not so happy cashier lady .
0	but i am expecting flavor with a little kick .
0	not friendly but not rude either .
0	the customer service has gone down as well as the food quality .
0	there is only one old guy who actually knows what he 's talking about .
0	the rest are idiots .
0	i will never be going back .
0	i just do n't see the big deal with this place .
0	yes , there is alot of sports memorabilia , mostly college .
0	the bar itself feels dirty to me .
0	it 's dark and no frills at all .
0	the tables and chairs are below average or average at best .
0	they have _num_ large tvs that are kind of dark .
0	also , if you have a large group , i would recommend somewhere else .
0	can i give a no star rating ?
0	but , no more .
0	so it 's too bad they wo n't be on that list .
0	the bar tender is rude and not very accommodating to customer needs .
0	honestly i would n't waist my time or money on this place .
0	the fish was n't that great either and the cole slaw was even worse !
0	there is not a lot of parking for a bar this big inside .
0	there are tv 's everywhere but they are n't very big tv 's .
0	it is so dated !
0	he has the new id so i do n't know what the problem was .
0	the management not so good .
0	the exterior is tired and the inside needs updated .
0	no stars !
0	five negative stars are n't even enough .
0	i do not and will never set foot in there .
0	egg roll i think not grease stick !
0	worst service ever .
0	bunch of idiots .
0	personally she should have just let the answering machine pick up .
0	so king wah closed for like a month back in october .
0	we are sad , this was our go to chinese delivery .
0	no flavor .
0	hits and misses .
0	some dishes perfect , others too salty , too bland , etc .
0	you do n't need to have every possible dish on the menu .
0	sigh , we 're regulars too .
0	this is by far one of the worst chinese food places we have tried .
0	ordered the mongolian chicken - way too salty and oily .
0	it would n't surprise me that the business is going to be closed soon .
0	being a chinese does n't mean you know how to cook chinese food .
0	bad customer service .
0	and , wow , what a miss .
0	secondly , they have no tartar sauce or malt vinegar .
0	skip the fish , it 's awful .
0	because pete has not stepped into the 21st century yet !
0	wrong again $ _num_ !
0	the worst fish and chips i have ever had .
0	i ca n't believe people think this is good .
0	sucks that i had to give such a low rating !
0	pete 's fish is ok , square , almost like processed but not .
0	they may be trying to do too many things at once here .
0	what the hell is that .
0	this place serves nothing but frozen seafood .
0	not worth the trip .
0	why are people lining up for disgusting frozen fish ?
0	no hot sauce !
0	instead of fish , fish patties .
0	when tasting without the sauce they were bland .
0	_num_ oz .
0	_num_ oz .
0	we use to go to pete 's all the time back in the day .
0	just nasty is all i can really say .
0	the best way to sum this up is frozen overly processed fish .
0	frozen processed fish patties are not fish and chips .
0	this is _num_ .
0	all in all very shady charges for a meal not very good .
0	flat pop ?
0	the banquet would probably be better .
0	extremely disappointed .
0	for a quarter you could get two fish sandwiches .
0	i remember the patties being thicker with more fish and less breading .
0	this being said this store has taking an all time low .
0	maybe a little salt to bring out the flavors will help .
0	i wo n't bother going back .
0	they 'll taste better than pete 's fishy patty .
0	never again ... so so so disappointed !
0	if your looking for cheep this is your place .
0	just .
0	the worst fish and chips i every had .
0	the fries , onion rings , fish where just gross .
0	waste of time and money .
0	# _num_ . )
0	they have atm machines outside _num_ of their _num_ locations .
0	why people prefer to waste money here is beyond me .
0	the piece of fish tastes like paper card board .
0	the fries , blah soggy and sometimes cold .
0	it all lacks flavors .
0	no salt in anything !
0	it 's not the same pete 's fish and chips i grew up on .
0	frozen standard boring fries .
0	disappointed i ate them anyways .
0	i never turn down free food usually !
0	_num_ stars for the food being hot and convenient .
0	it is _num_ !
0	i am normally not carrying cash on me .
0	it 's really not that hard to do separate checks .
0	i always get the chicken tenders and fries .
0	i can get better fish and chips in the frozen food section at walmart .
0	it 's all over battered frozen crap that grocery stores sell .
0	basically it 's wan na be cocktail sauce .
0	worst fish and chips place ever .
0	with no real lemon , only lemon juice packets .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	disgusting .
0	what happen ?
0	so we politely declined to stay and do something illegal , and left .
0	terrible service , terrible food .
0	there is very little parking for the bowling alley .
0	lane _num_ is n't very reliable .
0	i would avoid that lane if possible .
0	if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
0	place is dirty smells staff are rude .
0	now i see why i hate coming here .
0	disgusting !
0	cardboard !
0	for a quick meal on the cheap this place is n't that bad .
0	they do not worry about getting to your apartment to fix it in time .
0	does n't really matter if you are on the 3rd floor or not .
0	[ clearly understaffed ] ) pet deposit is $ _num_ .
0	ridiculous , but most places have a ridiculous pet policy .
0	horrible place to live .
0	i can not wait till my lease is up .
0	first off , we 've never been to such place .
0	the apartment smells like sewer from the kitchen sink and dishwasher .
0	this is a horrible place to live .
0	sorry we do n't have anything availability for walk throw .
0	very bad customer service.
0	ross and i enter `` kiss the cook '' .
0	the top was steaming but interior now warmer - but not yet warm .
0	staff here seem friendly and busy , but efficient .
0	next time we 'll try the pancakes and crepes !
0	i 'm not really a fan .
0	the coffee is so weak any flavor you get is from the added cream .
0	pumpkin pancakes had too much cinnamon .
0	i do n't like this false advertising of menu items .
0	but the food is nothing special .
0	even the bacon was soggy and it is hard to hate bacon .
0	my fiance got the corn beef hash , thumbs down .
0	overall not happy .
0	and then i couldnt get waited on .
0	a long line was already out the door waiting for a table .
0	why are brunch places always so busy ?
0	they were tasteless and hard .
0	i would return just to order the basket of muffins .
0	service is ok , prices are fair .
0	i will never go back to this place again .
0	this is possibly the most adorable looking restaurant in glendale .
0	my cajun chicken caesar salad arrives .
0	unacceptable .
0	although the place is cute , i could n't even finish eating my food .
0	overall not a good tasting meal .
0	horrible customer service .
0	this was the most insulting dining experience of my life .
0	i would n't recommend this to anyone under the age of _num_ .
0	would not recommend .
0	the staff is nice , but slow .
0	the food is bland and basic .
0	a rip off of $ _num_ .
0	day _num_ , repeat emergency visit , more work on `` root canal . ''
0	very painful .
0	this place chicken sucks .
0	i had a hard time giving this place even two stars .
0	the one , somewhat redeeming factor of my meal was the tortilla .
0	shit , i do n't think i would even feed it to my dog .
0	the 2nd red is a chunky salsa where all you can taste is garlic .
0	the problem is the little weird things they do to their food and sauces .
0	very , very disappointing coming from a real food landmark !
0	we miss the hell outta you .
0	rude waitress .
0	will certainly not go out of my way to return .
0	after _num_ minutes of total waiting we finally got our food , cold .
0	i will never come back to this place again .
0	i had no interest in ordering something new with less hair .
0	i 'm sure i 've been eating that this place since before birth .
0	we walked in at _num_ pm no one there to greet us .
0	the mole looked and tasted more like super salty gravy .
0	sour tasting tamales .
0	do n't be fooled .
0	it 's really that bad !
0	mexican restaurant no longer giving complimentary chips and salsa ?
0	i feel so bad that my elderly mother tried to eat it .
0	go to pedro '' s _num_ miles east on glendale .
0	but recently it 's taken a turn for the much much worse .
0	the rest room smells so bad like urine about made me want to gag .
0	we ordered a small cheese crisp which was not fully cooked .
0	this place does n't even deserve one star .
0	do n't bother going .
0	could n't even get a manager to talk to !
0	not real mexican food !
0	the meat on the tacos is the same ground beef .
0	not even asada nor real cheese .
0	so gross !
0	i know it 's not a huge deal .
0	this location is the worst !
0	it was fucking nasty .
0	this location is terrible .
0	_num_ they forget items , screw up the order .
0	all items are n't listed on the drive thru menu .
0	_num_ minute wait in drive thru , lunch break over .
0	thank you , yes i was late getting back to work .
0	it is a joke , the staff sucks .
0	so i go to pay and he says it is _num_ dollars .
0	only kids working in the office now and not very professional .
0	( all emails are supposedly answered within _num_ hours . )
0	probably one of the worst breakfasts i 've had in my whole life .
0	i do n't like diner food that refuses to try .
0	probably the most pathetic example of `` customer service '' i have ever encountered .
0	another week or so goes by and i call again .
0	idiots !
0	no bueno !
0	great for a quick stop for a forgotten item on vacation .
0	always takes way too long to check out .
0	never enough cashiers to just grab an item or two .
0	drives me bananas !
0	slow service , rude employees .
0	employees have work there a long time ( maybe too long ) .
0	they do n't seem to like their jobs .
0	absolutely terrible company to have to deal with .
0	if you need a tow , take your chance with someone else .
0	_num_ minutes go by , no text or call .
0	no contact period , from anyone .
0	you guessed it , _num_ minutes ... .
0	absolutely the worst company !
0	screw you sun city towing !
0	i disagree with the review above .
0	i have never been treated this poorly in my entire life !
0	terrible service .
0	the did n't have the plate i needed and they did not care .
0	like , clearly , it 's unacceptable .
0	i 'm out $ _num_ and i have no gift .
0	as a side note , it is a ripoff price .
0	that 's too much money anyway .
0	terrible experience .
0	wo n't be back .
0	these people are not honest in their profession .
0	definitely the worst one ever .
0	i could n't say enough good things .
0	i 've never had problems like that .
0	oh hmm no u can wait a little longer .
0	oh no they are bad u better come in soon like _num_ weeks .
0	are u kidding me ?
0	i will tell everyone avoid this place at all costs !
0	it 's the worst !
0	very disappointed with this dental office .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ of us with coupon for _num_ minutes of time .
0	would not recommend for the price .
0	ripoff !
0	what a disappointment .
0	this `` pumpkin patch '' stinks !
0	do n't waste your time or money !
0	also the employees really need some lessons on their customer service and friendliness !
0	i 'm sorry , but this `` pumpkin patch '' was horrible !
0	this is n't really a pumpkin patch .
0	horrible layout !
0	i sure as hell hope so .
0	corn maze was the only redeeming part of this trip .
0	sooo many of them would n't last until halloween .
0	not a real pumpkin patch either .
0	parking is a chaotic mess .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	if i could give them _num_ i would .
0	these people are so rude .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	they never fail .
0	do not recommend .
0	no restrooms .
0	they were so rude and the cook is an idiot .
0	never coming back !
0	seriously can not stand this mcdonald 's .
0	they never get my order right .
0	service is sorry !
0	you guys are terrible !
0	worst mcdonalds i have ever gone to .
0	the customer service is horrible , they are always rude .
0	drive thru is even worse because the wait is so long .
0	mongolian pork not enough pork .
0	sesame chicken too soggy .
0	too much rice and noodles as sides not enough entre .
0	this place deserves nothing .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	making it seem like there doing me a favor .
0	to find out there 's no way out of this .
0	to me , bad business all around .
0	still no food .
0	no manager , or anyone in charge we can speak with .
0	but there wo n't be a next time .
0	never ordering from here again .
0	save yourself a headache , time and money !
0	worst food ever !
0	the food is entirely tasteless and slimy .
0	worst chinese place every !
0	do not go here for anything , the place is dirty is hell too.
0	bad job , i will never go back .
0	: - ( still , very bad job .
0	overall bad business !
0	lady i 'm not blind !
0	what a waste of time and money !
0	the invoice shows $ _num_ in parts alone and $ _num_ in labor .
0	i would rather grow my food in the arizona desert .
0	i do n't want to come back to this store anymore at all .
0	they are a rip-off .
0	no help at all .
0	the guy who works nights here is a real piece of shit .
0	i stopped going here a long time ago because of that .
0	they make you feel extremely uncomfortable & unwelcome .
0	( in contrast , us airways center staff have always been amazingly helpful . )
0	avoid this rink at all costs .
0	section _num_ row x to be exact .
0	i do n't recommend going to this venue for true hockey fans .
0	the traffic getting into the parking lot was slower than slow and terrible .
0	the line getting inside was _num_ times worst .
0	worst process in the world !
0	horrible organization and planning .
0	poor all around .
0	we wo n't be going back .
0	horrible service all around !
0	learn from our mistakes .
0	i dont think i will be returning here again .
0	i went here for a manicure today and i will never go back .
0	i have never had such a terrible pedicure .
0	i will not be back !
0	horrible customer service .
0	i will visit another salon next time .
0	they are a mess .
0	i have been to better places with better service .
0	this place is a dirty mess !
0	never again and hopefully nobody ever goes here again !
0	not really that impressed with this place at all ... .
0	there never seems to be any good parking either .
0	it seems like there are never enough cashiers .
0	customer service sucks .
0	outrageous .
0	very annoying when you try to get help and people ignore you .
0	as for the store , ... like every other walmart .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	by now there are _num_ people in line .
0	unfortunately , these experiences are more the norm than the exception .
0	if that was the case , i would deal with it .
0	dirty , someone will always follow you and ask you for money .
0	most employees do n't want to be there .
0	this is not tolerable in any such form !
0	i wait _num_ minutes to get the damn necklace .
0	but these last couple of months have been ridiculous .
0	it is horrible .
0	the female owner is rude and should never own a business .
0	this subway is horrible .
0	horrible service .
0	took forever for the lady to even figure out we were standing there waiting .
0	slow and unfriendly !
0	not coming back here again that 's for sure .
0	not a place that i like to shop .
0	i do not feel like anyone cares when you go in there .
0	i usually love kohl 's .
0	i could n't believe the mess the folded jeans were in .
0	after finally finding the correct size , i proceeded to check out .
0	this is a rotten store .
0	unbelievable .
0	it just appears to me they need to be a little more careful .
0	i am absolutely disgusted in the manager erica at this location .
0	i will not be returning to mcdonalds after this .
0	horrible service , typical for mcdonald 's .
0	they lack customer service , the drive thru is extremely slow .
0	why do you guys do this ?
0	not drive thru .
0	i like their sauce but that price is too damn high .
0	nor would i recommend anyone come here .
0	this is the second time that something goes wrong with my daughters hair here.
0	unfortunately this location is a huge let down .
0	the drive thru is never busy unlike mcdonalds which is a few feet away .
0	wrong !
0	i do n't recommend eating here .
0	probably not .
0	i am tired of going to this location and getting incorrect food .
0	terrible service and i will not be back .
0	wo n't be back .
0	as our food was being prepared another customer was eating our fries .
0	very disappointed .
0	then your order is completely wrong anyways .
0	fries usually have way too much salt on them and/or are old .
0	this is literally the worst mcdonalds i have ever been to .
0	the food quality is terrible and the customer service is n't any better .
0	you just ca n't win here !
0	$ _num_ seems outrageous .
0	also , the man who works there is so rude .
0	which i 'm sure wo n't bother the man working there at all .
0	overpriced and extremely rude to customers .
0	so disappointed .
0	this place gets a _num_ star out of _num_ .
0	there is a bit of a wait to get your order though .
0	lets just say i wo n't be back .
0	and my concern is the place didnt look busy at all .
0	is wont waste the time or money to eat here again .
0	not me .
0	i will not eat there again .
0	find another place that 'll save you the headache !
0	are you kidding me ?
0	disgusting .
0	they never seem to get it right .
0	have n't been to sonic before , will go to another location next time .
0	pizza tasted good but i will not be using this location again .
0	this place is n't even professional at all .
0	i will not be ordering from there anymore .
0	so far , not super impressed with this school .
0	not an administration that cares about its students .
0	do not move into this place .
0	management is absolutely horrible , maintenance takes forever to come out to fix anything .
0	terrible apartments , do not move in !
0	this is probably the worse place i have ever lived .
0	cleanliness and sanitation is obviously not a priority at this property .
0	same with the pool and hot tub .
0	beyond rude , beyond unprofessional , and beyond insulting .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	these people are dishonest , rude , and unprofessional .
0	you can find cheaper ( and nicer ) apartments in the same area .
0	if i could rate this place a _num_ , i would .
0	i suspect this is because they want every chance to keep your deposit .
0	arrival time is not predictable when you 're driving over _num_ hours ) .
0	those days are long gone .
0	no payment options on their website .
0	always doing maintenance on the apartments so you are threatened to be towed constantly .
0	the maintenance takes a very long time to ever get back to you .
0	they always seem to be trying to get more money out of you .
0	i 'll go back , but i 'll be staying in my car .
0	anyway , i am very disappointed in the quality of service .
0	wendy 's is not fine dining .
0	on both account this wendy 's has failed .
0	just went through the drive thru .
0	well , after $ _num_ + in food i expect a receipt .
0	guess business is so good they do n't need to return phone calls .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	nothing stands out as amazing but nothing was bad .
0	lynn has been doing my eyebrows for a while now .
0	almost _num_ hours later and they are still in pain .
0	i will never be back nor will i refer anyone .
0	whatever he put on my nails would not come off .
0	first we have been getting pizza and wings from here for years .
0	disgusting !
0	i hate that my last few reviews have been negative .
0	sorry , but i will never go there again .
0	if i could give them a zero star i would .
0	sent my husband to pick our items up .
0	also the chemical or water smell that was on our clothes was horrible .
0	not so good .
0	got very sick after eating the mahi mahi and macaroni salad .
0	no food is good enough to make up for the horrible service i got .
0	grease paradise .
0	totally cut their food cost down half !
0	also , they do n't serve good tea anymore .
0	the need to move josh back up to the front .
0	the restaurant also needs a remodel very badly , very run down and dirty .
0	more than likely wo n't ever go back .
0	why do you have to do this to my favorite food ?
0	not anymore .
0	no wonder .
0	went there yesterday hoping to get a couple salads for lunch .
0	the only reason this establishment gets one star is for the food being edible .
0	every time we go , at least one item is missing .
0	food was good but the owner should consider using the ac .
0	never again go to this place .
0	they do n't deserve our business !
0	so that leaves my cashier alone with a line of customers .
0	have n't been since late november .
0	really nasty .
0	such a disappointment .
0	will not go back .
0	long lines to check out .
0	horrible customer service .
0	i have to wait _num_ min .
0	to return a charger that does n't work .
0	have had to wait over an hour on numerous occasions .
0	i 'm just so glad website like yelp exist .
0	absolutely awful in store customer service and awful wait times .
0	completely frustrating and sad .
0	they factory reset my phone and i lost everything .
0	waiting for over _num_ minutes watching workers on their phones not helping anyone .
0	customer service is not very good .
0	but , if this order is lost , i will be changing the rating .
0	today two almost three years after renting from them and paying everything on time .
0	do n't rent from these guys .
0	that is probably the only good thing about this place .
0	the new staff are terrible and do n't care about there residents .
0	if you complain about noise , forget it .
0	i have lived in three different apartments and never dealt with this much crap .
0	reason for _num_ star , is maintenance .
0	complex is very poorly run .
0	water is turned off about _num_ times a month with no warning .
0	pool is always dirty , looks like it may be cleaned once a week .
0	hot tub always has trash in or around it .
0	dogs that are n't allowed are on promises .
0	not to mention bed bugs !
0	this place is my worst nightmare come true .
0	can not wait until my lease is over .
0	to much rent for such horrible apartments .
0	not worth it here .
0	the managers are horrible too .
0	third problem is the appliances are outdated and breaking down .
0	the apartment is nice , but the place is poorly run .
0	not even the toilet !
0	not worth the price if it 's not maintained .
0	price is not worth it .
0	all they do is whip down the tanning surface .
0	have enough hours in the day to tan .
0	but they have totally lost my business .
0	unbelievable .
0	it 's awful .
0	someone should teach them how to smile !
0	sorry , my dog has some life to him .
0	my dog just left the groomers and i am pissed !
0	worst service ever !
0	also in this time the only groomed _num_ other dogs .
0	i am highly disgusted .
0	it was like they mixed dirt or sand into it .
0	blizzards are lacking ingredients and not mixed well .
0	orders get mixed up and you end up with the wrong blizzard .
0	the least she could do was apologize .
0	dirty store and attitudes is not a great summer ice cream trip .
0	the food is disgusting and cold here .
0	i will never take my business here again especially with this stupid manager .
0	dr baker was professional .
0	literally , dragon garden has all the ambiance of a dunkin ' doughnuts .
0	ok , this is not lobster sauce .
0	you 'll probably never have to wait in line .
0	tl ; dr version : go for lunch specials , bring hot sauce .
0	this place is disgusting .
0	that should have been my clue .
0	really if i order orange chicken and fried rice should n't i get that ?
0	there 's higher quality chinese for the same price .
0	horrible customer service high prices and overall a pain in the neck .
0	rude , rude , rude .
0	big ripoff .
0	complete rip go elsewhere .
0	would any other `` hospital '' turn away a potential dying patient ?
0	all of my animals go to palm valley , love dr hatch !
0	if your hurting for business , dee could be your problem .
0	frustrating .
0	first of all no cheese and very little steak .
0	and this is the last time i will step foot at taco bell .
0	fake mexican food .
0	they do n't give you much food.
0	i 'm really disappointed .
0	no respect for property what do ever .
0	after an hour i call back to hear nothing has been done .
0	take the dang cards out when you do n't have the product .
0	got in my car and drove away quickly .
0	but , no .
0	but , no .
0	but , no .
0	i do not recommend this mcdonald 's to anyone .
0	every time i come here they somehow get my order wrong .
0	severely understaffed , huge line , terrible experience .
0	mcdonalds is bad as it is and this is the worst .
0	the food is always dry and tastes horrible .
0	and sometimes the drive thru is just ridiculous .
0	things are over cooked .
0	just plain nasty .
0	slowest drive thru in the history of `` fast '' food .
0	possibly consider ordering your next meal at the same time .
0	drive through is incredibly slow .
0	i get home , guess what ?
0	erica is _num_ % right !
0	you might as well go to h & r block down the street .
0	i usually drive around a couple times to get a gas pump .
0	i do n't know any other _num_ year old who does that .
0	i would never go back to that office again .
0	i 'm disgusted with this store .
0	with costco you get better perks , but i was interested in inventory .
0	so i 've never had a bad experience until today .
0	has no name tag or anything to show he 's a manager .
0	than he just walks away after he leaves me with the cashier .
0	yeah they just have another manager in the club call me .
0	i 'm not real picky .
0	get in , get what i need , get out ... no problems .
0	i would have to come back sunday .
0	that seems to be a mission critical function at a car wash .
0	so goes my feelings toward this starbucks .
0	if in the area again ... i would n't go back .
0	will skip this one for sure when in the area .
0	it all tastes the same to me ... the same strange grill flavor .
0	if i could give negative five stars i would .
0	a mush of egg and bad cheese .
0	taco was dripping oil .
0	bland tomato sauce .
0	we 'll never go back .
0	this restaurant is n't what i expected .
0	the enchilada was disgusting .
0	i am not sure how we even stayed at that point .
0	it is just nasty there .
0	all nasty meat with no extras .
0	no credit here .
0	the food tastes stale .
0	big mistake .
0	their chile relleno was an over cooked chile omelet .
0	very bland .
0	went for breakfast on a saturday morning , fully expecting it to be busy .
0	we will not dine in this ihop again .
0	disappointing !
0	consistent bad service and the food is always cold .
0	slow service at this time of night so be prepared .
0	very slow , but very nice .
0	all in all , worse service i have ever experienced .
0	wrong !
0	the adults still do not have silverware or jelly .
0	that is ridiculous !
0	this place is terrible they take forever !
0	we 've been waiting over _num_ minutes just for our appetizer !
0	we in yesterday for breakfast .
0	after coming here my next choice will be anywhere else but ihop .
0	i do not like the choices or the menu change .
0	it is not worth the prices .
0	these ladies work hard and did deserve the tip for their service .
0	we were so excited to see them in there dresses .
0	terrible !
0	go elsewhere , do not waste your time .
0	do not go to this place , it is horrible .
0	this issue is that the customer service is not that good .
0	ok the story .
0	then it happens an employee talks to me yay !
0	pathetic customer service .
0	the girl had long fake nails , acting like she 's all that .
0	i do n't live here thank goodness .
0	how about this idea ... .
0	almost $ _num_ for a _num_ piece combo that should have been wings .
0	that 's the only reason i am not giving one star .
0	big mistake .
0	they have n't called me to say they 're sorry to make things right .
0	corporate in new jersey says they only reserve the rate , not a truck .
0	if i could give no stars i would .
0	three days later i am charged _num_ by budget .
0	my husband makes way better carne asada , cooked to perfection .
0	it possibly could be better with a few beers .
0	we will not be going back .
0	red and green burrito 's are very bland .
0	no carne asada for tacos or burritos .
0	that is just strange .
0	that 's was the only good thing .
0	the buffet was lacking in a lot of ways .
0	i do not know why , but my experiences here have never been good .
0	i am not kidding either ; folks who go with me are always amazed .
0	once we finally get an order in it takes another _num_ or more .
0	why why why ?
0	i have given this place so many chances i just can not continue .
0	apparently the kitchen is very dirty and in need of a lot of repair .
0	i would n't recommend it .
0	the decor is old and not very clean .
0	the food is over spiced and still not very tasty .
0	i dont think we will be returning .
0	this place just has bad food .
0	all i remember from the first time was the shockingly horrible rice and beans .
0	the service is about as bad as i have experienced anywhere .
0	you will be disappointed !
0	very unsatisfied .
0	i am not sure what dinner he ate .
0	wont be going back !
0	very sad .
0	i still ca n't figure out why everyone likes this place .
0	even the meat is fatty and not very tasty .
0	pay for your drink and run out of the door like now !
0	some and have no idea what customer service is .
0	that should have given me a clue .
0	i tried to like the salsa and chips but just could n't .
0	very disappointing meal .
0	i would not recommend this restaurant !
0	new management sucks and these new rules are stupid .
0	we have encountered more horrible experiences with this company than better .
0	you can purchase a dvd just like everyone else . ''
0	steve 's response again was `` i do n't care . ''
0	that is the absolute worst part of the whole ordeal for me .
0	overall poor service .
0	terrible bowling alley .
0	unfortunately , del taco falls short .
0	this does n't appear to be the case with del taco .
0	this place is ridiculous !
0	if there were stars for less than one , that would be my choice .
0	all in all , i wo n't be returning .
0	they ca n't get in order correct .
0	they do n't compare at all with a dq blizzard .
0	horrible service .
0	i have been waiting over _num_ minutes for my cc to get it back .
0	it is 8:30 and still waiting for cc back .
0	i am now late for a meeting .
0	it 's no in-n-out .
0	it takes like a plain vanilla shake .
0	_num_ tiny tiny hush puppies are $ _num_ .
0	maybe the burgers or sandwiches are better but i 'll never know .
0	wo n't be going back .
0	would not go back , not if you paid me .
0	even though i 'm totally unable to do a weekday .
0	nasty !
0	this place is ridiculous !
0	ice cream is good but service is terrible !
0	well , not terrible but really slow .
0	really big disappointment .
0	customer service needs improvement .
0	not good !
0	worst service ever .
0	stock items on counters where food is .
0	slow , slow , slow ... .
0	seriously the worst staff ever !
0	what a disaster this place is .
0	the employees obviously hate their jobs and they have awful management .
0	no wonder the employees hate their jobs .
0	the air condition was n't working .
0	and drops it in anyways .
0	there were two female technicians doing manicures and one male technician doing the pedicure .
0	_num_ minutes later and he is just coming over to start on my feet .
0	i am not sure how often he does pedicures .
0	i can see why they are slow .
0	the front office staff is always rude for no reason at all .
0	i do n't have an appointment .
0	worst doctors office i 've ever been to .
0	yeah , this is n't really my place .
0	not so bueno .
0	i admit , i got out of here in a hurry .
0	probably wo n't be coming back .
0	it then goes up to over _num_ bucks !
0	_num_ . )
0	in my book that 's _num_ strikes your out !
0	i was also wondering when the gang fight was going to break out .
0	its no wonder way drink are cheap here .
0	they have pool tables prices are cheap which is good .
0	unfortunately over the last couple of years this place has gone downhill .
0	fights all the time and place just seems extra dirty .
0	the absolute worst excuse for a bar i have ever experienced in my life .
0	looking for a true hole in the wall with mediocre service ?
0	and the things that are correct , are horribly cooked .
0	one star , only because no stars is not an option .
0	its all very confusing .
0	i go out to the range area and start hitting balls .
0	so i take the unit back , no problem they give me another .
0	we would appreciate a clean shower stall .
0	just _num_ face towel and _num_ towel .
0	i 'm very disappointed with this pilot .
0	i will not fuel or shower at this location again .
0	the management is overwhelmingly rude and the price they charge for fax is outrageous .
0	just ridiculous !
0	i have been a long time weekly customer of this car wash .
0	glad you sent out a notice to everyone on this !
0	i am so sorry to hear about what happen to your daughter .
0	i ended up waiting for _num_ hours !
0	i am pretty disappointed in the quality of the service i got .
0	bad customer service .
0	no help from the manager .
0	waste of time and money !
0	what an awful experience .
0	are not flexible will only go with their packages .
0	might as well go to a normal self drive thru wash .
0	i was given _num_ options .
0	one cheaper than the _num_ .
0	do not come here , they will rip you off .
0	never imagined i should check yelp for a car wash review .
0	after bringing the car home fluid was leaking all over the garage floor .
0	ok gel manicure .
0	this nail salon is horrible .
0	spend your money elsewhere .
0	acrylic was thick , uneven , lumpy , crooked , you name it .
0	no , will not return .
0	would n't show bill to us .
0	still no bill to review .
0	frequently no one on premises .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	do you remember al 's slow food ?
0	this place is garbage !
0	horrible !
0	this was my first time ever going to this location , and my last .
0	first , it 's hard to hear the person on the speaker .
0	no idea .
0	i did n't have high expectations ; it 's fast food .
0	wo n't come back here , and probably wo n't try another location .
0	horrible .
0	but i 'm a designer & everything is not american made like they claim .
0	put anything longer than a _num_ iron away off the back tees .
0	half my shots were to something i could n't see .
0	beautiful golf course in a lovely setting , but the course management is poor .
0	i would have no interest in playing this course a second time .
0	with the fees they charge , warm up balls should be free .
0	the practice facility is small , very small .
0	oh crap , no hard liquor ... .
0	last comment , do stop for lunch at the resort restaurant .
0	i love southwestern food ... and i was very let down by this place .
0	the decor is definitely southwestern but way over the top cheesy southwestern .
0	i would have been better off asking the floor tiles to serve us .
0	would not go back .
0	basically this place really need to justify its prices .
0	do n't come here for the food .
0	it all ruined a relaxing night i was looking forward to .
0	we spent more time in the car coming & going than we did eating .
0	what a disappointment .
0	trust me the attitude of the restaurant is not worth it .
0	if you really want anything they sell here , order it online .
0	things are looking , well , tired .
0	sure why not .
0	also , a little more attention from the waitress would 've been nice .
0	the service is the worst i 've have ever experienced .
0	there were two girls working that have no business being behind a bar .
0	eh ... the food is ok .
0	nothing to write home about and i 've had better elsewhere .
0	we wo n't be going back .
0	not impressed .
0	this place sucks .
0	prices for the food are too high , especially since the quality is bad .
0	i do n't know where all the good reviews are coming from .
0	slow , confused service .
0	i only go back because other cave creek bars are n't much better .
0	nearly everything that could go wrong did .
0	this place is dying .
0	shot specials at _num_ a shot ?
0	alcohol is way more expensive than the chip .
0	with that being said , the service continues to be mediocre to poor .
0	very annoying to say the least .
0	we have resolved ourselves that the service will be bad and the seating slow .
0	not because the boss would care .
0	very disappointed by management at this place .
0	if you like jerks , you 'll like this place .
0	sorry , wo n't make another trip back .
0	i have been here dozens of times and live just a couple miles away .
0	the service is terrible .
0	i 've waited at a table for service for _num_ hours before .
0	it 's ridiculous .
0	i give this place another chance every _num_ months .
0	we decided we 'd stop in today to grab a drink .
0	but what was disturbing is that every single table was filthy !
0	flies , plates and plates of old food !
0	this rating is based on policy , not food .
0	why this place has been around so long is a mystery to me .
0	probably would n't go back .
0	if i could give this place `` zero '' stars i would !
0	who the hell orders food and then just leaves .
0	i was wrong .
0	oh so wrong .
0	wow , what a terrible experience .
0	food is not that good .
0	worst experience ever !
0	horrible experience with my service dog !
0	this paper just makes me tired and bored .
0	we went out looking for pancakes one sunday morning my bf and i .
0	big mistake .
0	do n't do this to your sunday morning .
0	omg ... horrible !
0	shame on the owners to act like this !
0	she said in a rude tone that someone will take our order .
0	i would give it a zero !
0	i would never give my hard earned money to people who do not care .
0	will not stop at this dairy queen again .
0	any way sorry that i asked for the rest of my order !
0	not sure why they are so mad here .
0	could act like you want to me here .
0	not good !
0	walked in around _num_ pm and the place was a hot mess .
0	times must be tough .
0	wo n't go back .
0	i 've made better at home just by trying .
0	it was freezing cold inside .
0	i thought by going to the indian village i would get some great food .
0	my friends breakfast burrito was not impressive either .
0	nothing great but nothing awful .
0	not that i do that regularly , but it 's happened ! )
0	our bill came to $ _num_ , including wine and tip .
0	dinner with friends on valentines day - food pricing absurd - service lousy .
0	not worth your time or your money - just skip this one .
0	bland food !
0	hate food with flavor ?
0	want to sit around and complain all dinner long ?
0	very disappointed .
0	for a group of _num_ ?
0	it 's painfully obvious that no one has trained the staff .
0	same experience here .
0	the place and the menu need updates .
0	when i got home i ate a pastry to get the wellington taste out .
0	not really sure why this would be french cuisine .
0	very , very strange .
0	not very french .
0	this is a very expensive job , by the way .
0	horrible first impression .
0	if that is the case then we are all in trouble .
0	these people clearly just want your money !
0	this is the most unprofessional vet i have every met .
0	our dog to him .
0	said they would call back , to check on our dog .
0	went to another vet , who cares about your dog .
0	go to another vet , and save your dog .
0	it 's not the same by any means .
0	it 's a cold atmosphere , as well .
0	it 's sad .
0	zero stars .
0	should have taken a picture , but whatever .
0	they deserve to go out of business .
0	we were only maybe _num_ steps into the entrance from the public road .
0	she is in serious need of heavy medication and possibly a straight jacket .
0	i worked _num_ hours before i left and she never paid me .
0	she cant run this hotel and inventory .
0	do n't stay here .
0	no directions or any information as to how to get to the place .
0	total bill for breakfast was $ _num_ not including tip .
0	well , _num_ minutes later i had to ask for service .
0	disgusting .
0	i do n't see what the fuss is about .
0	today _num_ pancakes and maybe _num_ blueberries in all .
0	understaffed and service is very so-so .
0	food is very average and typical of a denny 's .
0	the things we always get there were cold , and not very good .
0	i would much rather head to another breakfast place in cave creek .
0	way understaffed and service well that is another story it needs work .
0	the only thing is that the german pancake _num_ minutes wait and are good .
0	example $ _num_ for mixed fruit instead of potatoes .
0	one of the worst experiences in my life !
0	it 's not really representative of cave creek .
0	only once have i had a decent meal .
0	wo n't be going back there ever again .
0	the food is diner food , and frankly , not even good diner food .
0	slow service , average food , no ambiance .
0	as a local business owner , i do not recommend this place .
0	dont understand why people go to this place .
0	no meat , but i do n't think i missed anything special .
0	another 5+ minutes go by before he returns to take our meal order .
0	as my coffee was empty , and sitting at the edge of the booth .
0	i said no , i 'd like my food .
0	for $ _num_ per meal at an italian restaurant i expect to be full .
0	this is hands down the worst italian food in the state .
0	it 's nothing but a cash grab .
0	it 's weird .
0	i wish i did n't have to give even one star .
0	this is the worst food i 've ever had .
0	pathetic .
0	is it possible _num_ small pepperoni pizzas to go cost $ _num_ ?
0	very undercooked awful pizza .
0	this yelp elite is not impressed .
0	still no response .
0	guess they 're too lazy to care once a sale is made .
0	playing my round , the course was in pretty bad shape .
0	i have never felt like such an inconvenience to staff at a golf course .
0	i would n't even expect that at a course like orange tree .
0	not sure what shane s was referring to about management understanding customer service there .
0	all in all , not worth the drive out there .
0	unfortunately for the owners , i will not support bad customer service .
0	i say , check out buffalo bills just down the road !
0	oh well , what goes around , comes around .
0	_num_ star , because there is n't a lower rating available .
0	( i find this hard to believe . )
0	when i said , but it 's _num_ minutes before _num_ .
0	ridiculous .
0	the day this place closes is the day i am throwing a party .
0	rude !
0	do not spend a penny here !
0	horrible customer service ... if i could put zero stars i would .
0	i have not gone back since then .
0	so sorry we bothered you from reading your book !
0	so rude !
0	do n't waste your time .
0	first off they have the most rude people working there .
0	a dump with rude staff !
0	i will go back there for sure , and skip the dump .
0	i am unimpressed , will not be back .
0	they do n't deserve any buyers !
0	i would not recommend this business , they are rude .
0	the man who answers the phone is extremely rude .
0	not a good way to get business .
0	in the future , i 'll go to another ranch for riding .
0	the buffalo chip saloon does have wi-fi but it is marginal at best .
0	_num_ stars for the buffalo chip saloon on their wi-fi .
0	they have _num_ oz .
0	i would like to break up my review into two parts .
0	first , the food- it is not good .
0	i agree device is terrible food worse .
0	this is all show but the show is not worth it .
0	but they should never have sent it out of the kitchen .
0	sometime it would come out way overcooked and tasting burnt .
0	probably will not be back .
0	want beer and country music ?
0	i was hungry , so i 'm probably being generous .
0	the service is incredibly slow .
0	we have been sitting here for over _num_ minutes and still no food .
0	it was so packed people could n't move inside .
0	there were _num_ lanes of people trying to get in and out .
0	bottom line , do n't bother .
0	the food has gone from good to average to awful .
0	the restaurant was hosting a christmas party for their employees .
0	worst breakfast service and worst breakfast food we 've ever had .
0	bad news for us non regulars .
0	overall , if you like country dancing , playing pool , etc .
0	the atmosphere was awesome but the service sucked !
0	looks like it would be a blast on a saturday night .
0	too bad .
0	very disappointed .
0	that was really lame and i never go there anymore because of it .
0	i take my money where customer 's are treated well .
0	we came for lunch and were extremely disappointed !
0	the bad - the friday night fish fry is a definite pass .
0	the ugly - _num_ minutes from being seated to waitress at the table .
0	_num_ minutes for water .
0	the food was up _num_ minutes after ordering .
0	obviously no service training .
0	skip the food .
0	this is a review of the restaurant , not the bar area .
0	seated in the back area where the decor is not very nice .
0	they saw us standing there for over five minutes and said nothing .
0	i can not imagine allowing customers to be treated so poorly .
0	it is rather bad .
0	that should be criminal .
0	no flavor and tough .
0	very disappointed .
0	to others it 's nothing but an overpriced tourist trap with bad food .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	this is nothing special in regards to good food .
0	i 'll miss this one next time i 'm in town .
0	my girlfriend had the chile and commented that said `` shes had better '' .
0	unfortunately , it 's a totally unknown ( or ignored ) concept here .
0	this is az people , not nyc !
0	wish i could rate _num_ stars .
0	a server can just ruin ruin ruin your meal .
0	awful awful .
0	mt boyfriend has been sick since about an hour when we left the restaurant .
0	horrible customer service .
0	very loud and obnoxious to say the least !
0	poor planning on them cuz the prickly pear margaritas were on special !
0	oh , watch out for the skimpy dinner salad , though .
0	big disappointment .
0	the attitude and service provided by our server was subpar at best .
0	1st and only visit that 's for certain .
0	wish i could leave _num_ stars .
0	very disappointed .
0	any chef that serves chicken like that does not deserve to keep his customers .
0	and , no , i would n't return .
0	very bland and boring .
0	very dark `` old '' atmosphere and dirty feeling .
0	disappointing .
0	albertsons has the same tasting fried chicken .
0	way too salty and tasteless .
0	another cave creek tourist trap .
0	kfc would have been better .
0	avoid if you have taste buds !
0	rack of ribs dry and not much flavor .
0	fajitas , well do n't order it if you expect real a mexican serving .
0	can remain in business , serving imitation fried chicken , what a total joke !
0	after reading about their fried chicken ... i want to try it .
0	i know she did n't cook that nasty chicken .
0	do n't call bill , i would not recommend him .
0	i do n't usually write reviews but this left an extremely negative impression .
0	a very disappointing experience .
0	did not listen to what 's was saying what so ever .
0	& i live in scottsdale .
0	i 'm glad i wo n't be taking my puppies here !
0	disgrace !
0	it is n't necessary .
0	wo n't be back .
0	just a run of the mill subway .
0	the worst experience at subway .
0	just disappointing .
0	the worst experience at subway .
0	just disappointing .
0	the attention to detail was lacking .
0	so were they trying to rip me off , or rip and woman off ?
0	should n't cheat people ... .
0	talk about bad customer service !
0	they wo n't get my business anymore .
0	but the pump was going to charge me $ _num_ .
0	_num_ minutes for both is what he tells me .
0	nope , i say , just the regular oil .
0	my kids who are getting the free jeep will not return .
0	and perhaps a few people who read this review will not visit this location .
0	but be dishonest with me once and you lose a customer .
0	wash is even worse than before .
0	wo n't be back .
0	terrible terrible stay away .
0	do not waste your time or money .
0	not sure how they can up charge so much .
0	will not be back .
0	no , just me ?
0	skip it !
0	i think this is the only way we all could stand the atmosphere .
0	ridiculous .
0	this place is just sad .
0	once again , nothing special .
0	( or men , however you get down ) .
0	they were terrible but most seemed too drunk or too busy dancing to care .
0	it seems like it could be a good location to watch football on sunday .
0	if i 'm invited back on a saturday night , i will pass .
0	i 've tried this place over the last couple of years .
0	the drinks are about _num_ % alcohol and _num_ % mix .
0	wrong .
0	the drinks , the food , the cleanliness , the wait staff .
0	the top three slide off , the bottom one stuck to the table .
0	this is not a restaurant ... this is a bar that serves crappy food .
0	if the service was better maybe this place is a _num_ star .
0	sadly , will not be returning .
0	what a sorry excuse for a restaurant .
0	wo n't be back .
0	not to mention the service is horrible !
0	their servers are rude and mean .
0	completely disappointed .
0	food is not that great , service is poor , weird atmosphere .
0	less than $ _num_ .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	conclusion : if it all sounds too good to be true , .
0	we were the first appt and i had to leave work _num_ hours early .
0	north valley mechanical : walk away from this family business .
0	the unit being brand new , all parts are under warranty .
0	_num_ days later , the problem is coming up again .
0	this dentist is by far the worst i have ever been to .
0	the produce is n't much fresher .
0	i have complained to management before and it does n't really do any good .
0	plenty of other friendly furniture shops in cave creek to spend our money .
0	_num_ ties , a pair of pants and a sports jacket .
0	i would n't take my dirty socks to this place .
0	$ _num_ bill to replace all the rotors and pads .
0	she could n't get in touch with me at work and ok 'd it .
0	douche bags , so i see why the deal is on oil changes .
0	worst service ever !
0	not a good place .
0	i would avoid this repair shop at all costs .
0	terrible customer service !
0	horrible !
0	never going back !
0	worst experiences ever .
0	i wo n't bother returning .
0	everyone there is either fucking or getting high .
0	would not recommend .
0	ive never been there before so i didnt know !
0	i probably wont go there again unless i have too .
0	its too bad because its a cool place .
0	but i dont appreciate being talked to like that .
0	mostly a harley place or prepare to get an insult .
0	_num_ min for a panini melt with sausage ?
0	only to find a hole in it ?
0	food always seems like it 's been sitting awhile .
0	bummer since its location is near work .
0	i have gone there _num_ times in the past month .
0	the food has been awful .
0	going back at a different time with different crew did n't help .
0	i will not be going back to this location .
0	customer service is not so great either .
0	the male bartender has major attitude .
0	my food was sitting in bags on the counter behind him the entire time .
0	the fish and chips were absolutely disgusting .
0	very slow to get drink refills .
0	will likely not return , would rather eat at home .
0	no , that was rude .
0	a bar , grill , patio , and restaurant .
0	i have trained my dog at partners for over _num_ year .
0	horrible customer service .
0	terrible experience - go elsewhere !
0	please save your money and for the safety of your pup go somewhere else !
0	i will not give this place any more of my business .
0	if i could , i would like to give these idiots _num_ stars .
0	$ _num_ to print plain white paper , black ink .
0	never ever again will i use this location .
0	ah , nothing .
0	she has such a bad attitude that it kind of brought me down .
0	she must hate her life .
0	seriously unhappy with this place , after a year and four months .
0	no customer service , nothing special about this place .
0	no good .
0	extremely rude !
0	worst storage ever .
0	worst customer service ever !
0	if i could i would rate zero stars !
0	residential area , near a local park .
0	ca n't beat the location if you love the desert environment .
0	kim , i 'm waiting for three weeks .
0	i usually just get my food to go from the little window .
0	... but ... why , oh , why would i go back ?
0	it seems i need to learn to make my own .
0	i will not play this course again .
0	why would you even attempt to collect a ridiculous charge like this .
0	the lady who runs it is beyond rude .
0	the guy came and he could barely speak english .
0	so a few days passes and i hear nothing back .
0	no way !
0	well , _num_ rolls around and nobody is here .
0	this one star is even over rated !
0	becky , the manager , is a rude liar .
0	you should not offer store credit when all you do is sell crap .
0	if you refuse to fix , a full refund is in order .
0	_num_ days later man tells me i need a new water heater .
0	she says her guy was _num_ min away with a new dishwasher .
0	due to the _num_ warranty running out in _num_ days .
0	very unprofessional if you sold equipment that work there would be no issue .
0	my story is similar to rebecca s 's .
0	their `` repair guy '' is useless !
0	not me !
0	be a better business person or sell your _num_ stores that both are crap .
0	should have checked yelp before going into this store .
0	spent $ _num_ and my washer still does n't work .
0	horrible customer service !
0	please save yourself the problems and go somewhere else .
0	this place is just shady .
0	total bait and switch operation .
0	the worst .
0	our repair gentleman is never using them again .
0	i will give them a horrible review any time or anywhere i can .
0	again no delivery .
0	avoid this place !
0	i ca n't believe what horrible service i received .
0	would not recommend coming here .
0	so gross !
0	i end up having to leave work early because it hurts so bad .
0	the staff had trouble getting my order correct .
0	but , i 'm never coming back here again .
0	as a returning customer , i 'm appalled at such service .
0	very disappointing .
0	they get an option of get there meals to go , unbelievable !
0	i have come here every time i 've gone to arizona .
0	seriously though , how hard is refried beans and rice .
0	you ca n't mess that up !
0	you could not pay me to come back here .
0	this last time thursday evening the food and service were awful .
0	until tonight .
0	i couldnt eat past the first couple of bites .
0	you 've lost two customers due to this .
0	unacceptable .
0	however , there is always second chance .
0	unfortunately , not the case .
0	i would not recommend .
0	you ca n't get a burro enchilada stable either .
0	poor service also !
0	it was monday night and margaritas are only a dollar .
0	that 's not the waiter 's fault .
0	even though the chips and salsa were great , i will not be back .
0	the price is way too high for what you get .
0	gross food .
0	not authentic mexican food at all .
0	this is the worst walgreens i have ever been to .
0	i ca n't .
0	some one needs to figure out what 's going on at this pharmacy .
0	every time we order from here something is wrong .
0	pizza is cold .
0	not anymore !
0	i hate this location .
0	however , if you are vegetarian , skip it .
0	the only thing on the menu i could order was a very greasy quesadilla .
0	i wish again they had a zero star on yelp for this place !
0	my parents are n't the adventurous type .
0	this is not the cleanest location but again just okay .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	would 've given them no stars .
0	air conditioner could not cool the room down , found a cockroach .
0	disgusting place .
0	cheap , rundown , dirty , but cheap .
0	this place is a ripoff .
0	this motel was worth $ _num_ per night , including tax .
0	shower was lukewarm water .
0	dingy little single towel .
0	foam mattress ( hence , back pain after sleeping for _num_ hours ) .
0	not the worst hotel i 've stayed in , but perhaps bottom _num_ .
0	place looks questionable , even though the place looks packed .
0	no outlets to charge phone .
0	shower went from full blast to just dripping .
0	when you turn the light switch off all the appliances also turns off .
0	the paint is peeling off every wall .
0	$ _num_ per sites maybe .
0	year four and now they are no more .
0	the place has waaaay over-priced generic food .
0	i think nothing of it , and finish my biscuits and gravy .
0	i drift into sleep .
0	avoid at all costs because this places is disgusting .
0	_num_ full tables out of _num_ is like a rush for you ?
0	food is just ok , nothing to write home about .
0	probably the worst place i have ever walked into .
0	horrible .
0	do n't waste your time at space age !
0	and i mean , `` let it go '' , frozen .
0	it 's only saving grace was the pickles , of which i used generously .
0	someone else will have to review the food , because we left .
0	that is its only redeeming quality .
0	yep , it is a restroom stop .
0	it will be slow .
0	also slow service with restaurant barely full .
0	after waiting _num_ minutes i walked out .
0	terrible service !
0	waitresses with nasty attitudes !
0	i wish i could give no or negative stars .
0	poor service , long wait times , wrong orders when food finally arrives .
0	avoid this place for food .
0	but do use as a toilet pit stop .
0	clean bathrooms are the only redeeming feature .
0	this is not a good place to eat .
0	no thanks i just want to get out of here and never come back !
0	next time i 'll stop at circle k for a pack of almonds .
0	seriously , there are like two other restaurants within a few blocks .
0	they really could n't be any worse .
0	in our opinion , you should avoid this fast food stop at all costs !
0	horrible service !
0	a mexican restaurant that puts out this type of quick fix doesnt take pride .
0	we wo n't bother again .
0	very bland boring food .
0	first off , the address is incorrect !
0	bad food , bad service , takes too much time .
0	bad food .
0	bad service .
0	my husband had a fish burrito which he could not even taste the fish .
0	what a disappointment !
0	normally on a sunday about _num_ % of the hall is full .
0	this place is a rip off .
0	the reason they never called was there was a storm and they were busy .
0	yes ... ladies ... too busy .
0	is my money and broken window not good enough ?
0	do not pay until you carefully inspect all of their work .
0	just a very sloppy , unprofessional job .
0	do not use this company , they are liars and thieves !
0	for at least few days , till i get the new unit .
0	sadly , he could n't .
0	an inflated price ?
0	or are they just not that good ?
0	to sum things up , taking my car here was a terrible choice .
0	it 's not a piece that would break just because .
0	no thanks .
0	this clinic is under staffed and the wait is long .
0	so not even trying to call back .
0	no shit !
0	since then he has lost a tooth and is n't eating normally .
0	poor guy !
0	these are my babies and i will not tolerate anyone being so careless !
0	shame on you !
0	walking in , this salon is dirty .
0	this is by far the worst hair salon i have ever been in .
0	the stylist could not believe what she was seeing .
0	wow , how bad is bad !
0	is there no such thing in this area at all .
0	that is pretty careless .
0	just tofu , juice , and chips .
0	no sour , no spice .
0	big mistake .
0	she said she could n't do that .
0	_num_ dollars for tofu .
0	the only good thing they have is their crunchy noodle and egg rolls .
0	everything else is lacking seasoning , and flavor .
0	no sign of the awesome manager that was working before .
0	if i could give them zero stars , i would !
0	horrible service , no sense of urgency and no sense to even say sorry !
0	this is the 2nd most horrible place in peoria to eat .
0	no stars for food quality .
0	this particular pizza hut is the worst one we 've ever ordered from !
0	they always mess up our orders , either delivery or carry out !
0	very very slow delivery .
0	not a happy customer at all .
0	we love the pizza but the service is quite lacking .
0	foods always cold .
0	this fast food restaurant is really disappointing .
0	complete waste of time , gas , and energy .
0	after an hour of shopping self checkout was the only thing open .
0	purchase doors here but do not let them do the installation .
0	home depot says it was the counter top companies fault .
0	there pizza is good , but terrible reheated .
0	we spend plenty of money there and tip much more than necessary .
0	i have been going here for a few years .
0	not cool ... and jessica is never going back .
0	it 's just as bad as great clips but more pricey !
0	i do n't even want to go back and get it fixed .
0	i understand appointments but learn customer service and try saying hello .
0	with no greeting .
0	save yourself some cash and get frys deli fried chicken .
0	this dentist is a scam artist who does n't deserve one star .
0	i agree with the comments about the receptionist - rude and unhelpful .
0	do not go to this dentist !
0	either wait until a week day to see your regular dentist or go elsewhere !
0	that was january and this is august .
0	they are very unprofessional and complain too much .
0	i can see why this place only has one star .
0	rude .
0	it 's not like we would n't pay for both lanes .
0	worst experience ever !
0	the gm bob does n't care about the customers at all .
0	this alley is the worst alley ever .
0	many other people are having same problems !
0	friend lost his bowling ball because their ball return is of track .
0	i will not return here unless there is a different bartender .
0	stay away from this home depot if you need help .
0	and they would fix it for $ _num_ .
0	no offer to make this right , nothing .
0	horrible service !
0	wish i could give `` _num_ '' stars for this home depot .
0	avoid this home depot at all costs !
0	horrible !
0	this store is a big disappointment .
0	very unhappy former customer .
0	goodbye home depot , hello lowes .
0	needless to say , i wo n't be back to this location .
0	every customer counts even _num_ minutes before closing as profit pays your paycheck .
0	i see so many _num_ and _num_ stars .
0	i have been going here off and on for about _num_ years .
0	ok good but the wait service is horrible .
0	i miss the old staff .
0	she 's annoying i miss the old staff !
0	well , i do n't get annoyed easily .
0	terrible place .
0	very irritating , wo n't be returning .
0	there were _num_ or _num_ regulars sitting at the bar .
0	if i could not give this place a star , i would .
0	she 's rude , demanding n is plain nasty .
0	she ruins the appetite !
0	i guess they just do n't .
0	_num_ minutes for an order of sliders and potato salad .
0	not a place to have lunch on a schedule !
0	he 'd say something then someone from the back said something too .
0	confusing !
0	i have not been to kfc in years .
0	i immediately called hoping that they would realize their error .
0	what a huge disappointment !
0	the other store would be just _num_ minutes away .
0	i would never eat there again after this visit .
0	hubby and i stopped in for ice cream after getting back from wickenburg .
0	however , sonic 's is cheaper , and mcdonald 's is even cheaper .
0	customer no service .
0	no customer service .
0	this place has made me hate dairy queen .
0	the customer service is terrible .
0	would not come back here again .
0	first of all , employees should not be out smoking on shift .
0	this jack in the box has made me sick on a few occasions .
0	i 'm thinking what ?
0	why ca n't you just substitute the curly for normal .
0	we walked in at _num_ am .
0	this place is a rip off .
0	this place will never get my business .
0	third time is not the charm .
0	then they could n't find my keys .
0	took them nearly _num_ minutes to find them .
0	walmart has better customer care policies than this place .
0	they do not have equipment to do a proper test .
0	and that 's assuming my radiator even needs replacing .
0	avoid !
0	i 've always done my own oil changes but not this one .
0	they could n't even put the oil filter back in tight enough .
0	my story is that i went to there to get an alignment .
0	i will not come back here again .
0	so math is n't a strong point either for the staff .
0	i ca n't afford this amount so i go pick up my car .
0	this place is awful !
0	bad customer service .
0	every time i go to pep boys i leave very disappointed .
0	the people are lacking any social skills and customer service .
0	i will definitely check the oil next time i 'm in the car .
0	slow and not very helpful .
0	the `` stuff '' inside there was disgusting .
0	all in all , you get what you pay for .
0	everytime i come they are out of several things .
0	the service is slow and poor .
0	we are extremely disappointed to see other customers get help and we were ignored .
0	hmm ... only if i can get service from this assistant manager .
0	i 've never been to a place with such horrible customer service .
0	i 've never disliked a business so much as this one .
0	it makes me so mad just talking about this place .
0	this year , i have had three pairs of glasses from these idiots .
0	all three have been wrong .
0	my glasses are that bad .
0	what a mistake .
0	i ca n't believe they would even serve that sort of food to customers .
0	i will never go back to this location , i 'd rather go hungry .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
0	a waste of _num_ bucks .
0	if i could give a negative star rating , i surely would !
0	no particular reason why .
0	horrible !
0	but here 's the thing ... the food is disgusting .
0	they give you free stale chips and salsa .
0	gross .
0	usually i 'm not dissatisfied with this place .
0	i think its sad that they did n't treat all their tables with priority .
0	i will never return again .
0	needles to say we wo n't be back .
0	i will not be back to eat here .
0	not just any cat fish !
0	i paid $ _num_ and i hate my hair ... .
0	thanks for the false pricing , target .
0	i 'm going to think twice before i go back to target .
0	so the skinny on the _num_ star review .
0	we do n't know who you talked to and there 's nothing here .
0	i am extremely disappointed with this specific target .
0	this is ridiculous .
0	save yourself time , money , and the headache and use a different company .
0	started off okay but could n't get the tooth out .
0	this guy is a poor excuse for a human being .
0	terrible service .
0	gross restroom !
0	-the cashier was condescending .
0	crap all over the floors , stuff not in the right places .
0	so many devil children running around literally screaming , running into me ect .
0	unfortunately , after having the bedding for a month , it is falling apart .
0	i would recommend not buying a bed in a bag here .
0	this place sells mostly dollar store quality products , not what i was expecting .
0	poor quality on their bedding .
0	never settle for less cuz your in a hurry .
0	my bf and i went to this deal taco location on friday .
0	within _num_ hours of eating both of us had food poisoning !
0	carry out is a nightmare .
0	besides the food being poor the guests that were here were even worse .
0	pizza taste like cardboard and games are horrible .
0	the prizes are just crappy as they get .
0	no table cloth no balloons no person to take our order .
0	i was so disappointed that i will never have a party here again .
0	horrible horrible customer service .
0	i would n't recommend this peter piper ever .
0	_num_ pizzas and _num_ wings .
0	horrible service .
0	wings were cold and we still waiting for the second pizza .
0	maybe this is like one of those training centers for their employees .
0	i will not be coming back here .
0	i will not be returning to this location .
0	the place opens at 11:00 .
0	very disappointing .
0	omg i would have paid the difference for nicer service that 's for sure .
0	two stars for this location , ultimately because of the poor customer service .
0	if i could give less than _num_ star i would .
0	worst taco bell experience ever !
0	i never go to this location and i wo n't again .
0	he really needs to learn to be professional .
0	terribly overpriced you would be wise to shop around .
0	strongly do not recommend this place .
0	bad service and the guy could careless to even be working .
0	everything on the menu is accompanied by either white or egg fried rice .
0	please help shut this place down and force them into financial ruin .
0	horrible customer service .
0	most disappointing meal i 've eaten in well over a year .
0	i do n't hold chinese delivery places to that high of a standard .
0	wonton soup broth must have been pure water .
0	horrible service !
0	horrible horrible service !
0	and these are the only two positive things about the whole experience .
0	hot and sour soup - very sour .
0	none hot .
0	sadly disappointed .
0	chinese food does n't have to be rocket science .
0	will not be returning .
0	sad thing is that used to be my favorite place .
0	the _num_ stars are for dine in and the _num_ stars are for delivery .
0	very disappointing .
0	at that point we were starving and did n't even bother going back in .
0	possibly from being microwaved or maybe from being freezer burnt .
0	it goes like this .
0	sad to say this my last visit .
0	first off , i would like to say that the food is always good .
0	do n't bother ... and make sure you do n't go there at night .
0	will not be back .
0	this is a terrible mcdonalds !
0	service sucks , and management is worse !
0	horrible customer service .
0	ok so wow i will not be coming back to this bar .
0	one of the absolute worst experiences i have ever had at a bar .
0	charged _num_ effing dollars on soda !
0	we will all be calling the better business bureau to report the poor service .
0	please do not waste your time with this place !
0	they also should n't be rude to customer when they make mistakes .
0	do not recommend .
0	i give a second chance ... never again .
0	yep , never again .
0	not that great .
0	the egg roll tasted like it was previously frozen & lacked flavor .
0	if i could give this less than a star a would .
0	the rice is now more like spanish rice instead of fried rice .
0	when buying an established restaurant do n't you get the recipes ?
0	i for one can not except the change .
0	new owners do n't have a clue on how to run a restaurant .
0	and no more fountain drinks .
0	under the new management it should be called bye bye china .
0	it appears that the restaurant only places the very basics of the order .
0	this place is too shady and i will not be ordering from them again .
0	actual install time _num_ minutes .
0	do not use this place .
0	why not just replace it now ?
0	there was only one guy helping customers .
0	it 's pretty busy all the time .
0	nothing special .
0	meanwhile , we kept seeing the same people over and over again .
0	shame on us for giving them a second chance .
0	between this and the bartender over charging us , we are never going back .
0	place is small and dirty , and was really uncomfortable to us .
0	their loss , not ours .
0	it makes no sense .
0	i have been to enough places and your song usually gets played .
0	needless to say , i will never go back there .
0	i do n't get it .
0	ugh .
0	so now i have pink rocks which i did n't want at all .
0	price for just under $ _num_ .
0	this is from the owner who is listed as robert on yelp .
0	i wanted to let you know that we take reviews like this very seriously .
0	if you do n't mind , we 'd like to make this right .
0	why would i come back after being treated poorly ?
0	only problem is they lie about how long it will take .
0	they will not stand by their products .
0	`` our registers are off .
0	horrible customer service !
0	would not recommend .
0	service was okay but joseph is just rude .
0	does not seem to care if he has repeat customers .
0	not our experience .
0	will not be coming back here .
0	horrible .
0	the bacon was definitely sitting .
0	however , calling those greens `` greens '' is a stretch .
0	greens that slow hurt your game for other courses .
0	worst golf experience ever !
0	i 've never seen anything like it .
0	i do n't really see myself coming back to play .
0	- it should be $ _num_ .
0	walgreens is the go-to place for cards .
0	the only item on the menu still good is the mexican pizza .
0	chocolate cream , peanut butter , coconut cream , etc .
0	believe me , you wo n't find better pie anywhere !
0	thanks , but no thanks .
0	my boyfriend got _num_ eggs over medium with biscuits and gravy .
0	i mean , should n't there be eggs in an egg scramble ?
0	not bad but not good either , just ok .
0	i think i will not return as there are better in the area .
0	i was here friday may 9th _num_ .
0	when the waitress brought me my salad i though it was a joke .
0	god i still ca n't believe it !
0	nothing real bad just not something homemade .
0	who the hell sells a hamburger a la carte ?
0	two potato wedges .
0	terrible , unfriendly service .
0	i will never go to this restaurant again .
0	to bad they are n't diligent in their jobs .
0	the staff does n't care and leaves you standing around waiting for help .
0	i would not recommend them for a tux rental .
0	every single tux for my wedding party was the wrong size .
0	a dress shirt on sale for $ _num_ ?
0	shoes for $ _num_ ?
0	will not be back , if at all possible .
0	we were not going to let this experience ruin our day .
0	however , i would not recommend this facility to anyone .
0	$ _num_ out .
0	$ _num_ for repair and no bag .
0	do not trade shoe repair or anything with these people .
0	and they do n't care if they go to small claims court .
0	this place is a total joke .
0	do not waste your time or money here !
0	i will never return , nor recommend this ghetto excuse for a cobbler .
0	once is oops , twice is simply poor management .
0	what good is an asian salad without any dressing ?
0	i will not go to this wendy 's ever again !
0	next time i want wendy 's i will drive further to a different store .
0	most wendy 's in general are usually _num_ or _num_ stars .
0	this store gets zero stars , but yelp wo n't let me enter zero .
0	to me , that 's not a good sign .
0	i would not recommend eating at the peoria cafe .
0	disgusting !
0	eggs are bad other food is pretty good .
0	but for the most part the food is bad .
0	breakfast food is just ok , it is not very flavorful .
0	the service is very slow and not nice .
0	really need to slow down and cook the food better .
0	never washed her hands after eating .
0	the food was horrendous and i rarely say that about a place .
0	i got sick after eating here .
0	a little hard to find the place .
0	corned beef hash and home fries mushy .
0	well , the playground was gone .
0	the picture of our site was completely deceiving , check out space _num_ .
0	huge line of customers , all the employees are too busy to help them !
0	no respect for your customers !
0	gyro meat , lettuce , onions , _num_ tomato slice and sauce .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	except they technically `` stole '' my desk !
0	nothing special about the place .
0	staff is friendly but nothing more than any other business .
0	nasty attitudes .
0	another man , also waiting , same story .
0	the scheduling here is a nightmare .
0	the procedure involved _num_ hours waiting in the reception area and finally surgery .
0	all i can say is that i am glad he only has _num_ eyes .
0	staff is very rude .
0	and they do n't really care about their patients .
0	very rude receptionist and nothing to keep patients from staring at walls .
0	terrible !
0	long lines are the norm .
0	safeway does not price match and i even called the district office .
0	crap attitude at this store .
0	do n't have any expectations while going to this expensive store .
0	i 've been here _num_ times .
0	i give taste a _num_ out of _num_ .
0	first i want to say that i have not eaten at this bakery .
0	i 'm confused by these great reviews .
0	but , their customer service is lacking and so is their food .
0	mostly all of their items are old and dirty .
0	ask yourself , is this a company i want to do business with ?
0	needless to say i will not return nor recommend .
0	do not eat here under any circumstances .
0	gross .
0	will not be returning to this establishment .
0	i ate some of the food and am now feeling sick .
0	when i walked in it look like any other buffet place , ok .
0	sushi bar looked weird .
0	the interior is old and worn .
0	$ _num_ for crap !
0	not worth the money you pay .
0	bathrooms are so disgusting i was scared to us it .
0	felt like i was walking on _num_ years worth of spilled soda .
0	that 's not what you want when you go to a buffet .
0	bathrooms are so disgusting i was scared to us it .
0	not very professional .
0	my insurance company , state farm , has a contract with hertz .
0	another _num_ minutes trying to get that error fixed .
0	my car is still not ready at the shop .
0	when a person answers they are so rude .
0	i do n't even want to give them _num_ star !
0	horrible location .
0	my next visit , he said , `` i dunno .
0	would n't recommend this company to anyone .
0	really you 're a pizza hut .
0	lastly , the service is slow and not nearly friendly enough .
0	nothing special .
0	this place only takes cash or personal check .
0	worst food i have had in area .
0	horrible food .
0	they only have ground beef and chicken !
0	a terrible , disgusting meal that is best avoided .
0	in fact she gave me an `` ok '' .
0	the whole experience was awful .
0	guess we are not going back there .
0	wow ... they have alot of complaints and horrible reviews ... beware !
0	if i could it would have no stars .
0	that should be your first warning .
0	i would not recommend them for towing , repairs , or anything else .
0	so i left .
0	please do n't take your vehicle here .
0	they are an absolute disgrace to the industry .
0	if i could give no stars , i would .
0	they overcharge and they are a horrible horrible business .
0	please , do not take your car here !
0	they left my car in worse condition than when i arrived .
0	post no star .
0	i should give it no stars , but it wo n't let me .
0	reluctantly she went in the back to get another one while rolling her eyes .
0	zero interest in returning .
0	one waitress in the whole restaurant at 8am .
0	very slow service .
0	_num_ minutes later , no coffee .
0	eggs benedict not good unless warm .
0	now we know why parking lot was half empty on a saturday morning .
0	this is the worst restaurant in sun city , bar none .
0	bad experience .
0	would n't recommend this hotel .
0	they dont even deserve a _num_ star for ignoring my calls .
0	i would not trust them to put it in the mail .
0	this among other things taking place is why the doc left there .
0	it 's tucked away in the back of a strip mall lacks curb appeal .
0	head out on a friday night date to little bite of italy .
0	it 's not a bread stick , it 's a slice of garlic toast .
0	wo n't recommend to anyone and certainly wo n't be going back anytime soon .
0	they were not friendly .
0	oreganos is a _num_ compared to this restaurant !
0	the restaurant is a bit dated and stuffy .
0	not worth the time , peoria is close and better restaurants .
0	the food is ok ; a little pricey for the quality .
0	staff , not friendly , not helpful .
0	no flavors of any spice .
0	felt like the staff was trying to leave early .
0	nothing to write home about .
0	lot of food , dry , no flavor .
0	what a disappointment .
0	do n't understand the repeated good ratings .
0	very annoying .
0	one gets tired of the same all the time .
0	the waitstaff really act like they could care less about you .
0	this place sucks .
0	do n't eat here !
0	unless of course you do n't have taste buds then you wo n't care .
0	nice people ... bad food .
0	they obviously could not have cared less .
0	they have terrible service , and flowers are always dead .
0	terrible !
0	worst flower shop i have ever encountered !
0	your company 's mess up !
0	not good .
0	needless to say i do not think that we will be back anytime soon .
0	`` i 'll take _num_ popcorn chicken '' .
0	`` there is no popcorn chicken the rest of the night . ''
0	_num_ stars were for the curt service including lack of apology ... for anything .
0	wo n't be back to this location .
0	this has to be one of the worst kfc restaurants in the us .
0	gross !
0	why such an overdone dish ?
0	it was essentially chopped pork with plentiful diced jalapenos .
0	i really do n't have a reason to return .
0	horrible food !
0	i would n't recommend this restaurant to anyone .
0	ugh .
0	veggies are not fresh like they have been in the past .
0	the restaurant is also not as clean as it has been in the past .
0	nothing near authentic chinese food .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
0	not even a discount for ruining my appetite with rotten food .
0	but i will not return .
0	i 've been here twice , probably wo n't be a third time .
0	not thrilled and not going back .
0	not the good , thick cut bacon .
0	they are obviously not made to order .
0	could n't even eat them .
0	breakfast was ever worse !
0	the place itself is dirty .
0	not worth the time , the price or the wait .
0	too much `` dry '' pasta , not enough meat and veggies .
0	it was accompanied by doughy garlic bread .
0	i can not see us returning .
0	this dairy queen is bad and even the stuff the managers make are terrible .
0	find a better location or place to go !
0	new management but same poor training and employee attitude .
0	wo n't be going back .
0	this is n't the place to get it .
0	deserves zero minus .
0	this is not acceptable behavior and is unprofessional at an extreme level .
0	talks down to customers and is amazingly rude .
0	not a lot of spice .
0	and not a lot of beef .
0	these ingredients are supposed to be within the patty , like an omelet .
0	but as i am talking with him i realized .
0	batter , not good all the way and floating in grease .
0	this place has really gone down hill over the years .
0	wrong .
0	not the best place for non spanish speaking tourists to go to .
0	we regret dining at this place .
0	fail !
0	then we get a washer and dryer delivery on a different day .
0	i was like , wait a minute , this is not acceptable .
0	i was like , okay , i will take the $ _num_ .
0	this is where it gets messy .
0	and so would not fit .
0	they are incompetent liars .
0	horrible customer service , horrible business .
0	no communication .
0	not professional and full of excuses .
0	hate this company .
0	if i could give them zero stars i would .
0	do not order from home depot because they use this company .
0	keep in mind this is _num_ day before christmas !
0	worst experience of my life !
0	please beware when buying any appliance from home depot .
0	would give zero stars if possible .
0	i do not understand why home depot partners with this company .
0	i would never purchase through home depot again just for this reason .
0	no phone call , no nothing .
0	do n't waste your time with this company .
0	poor customer service is an understatement .
0	if there 's negative star i would give them a negative _num_ stars .
0	i ca n't let them get away from this .
0	but when i do its a mess .
0	prices are n't even consistent with what they have on signs .
0	no snack bar .
0	very generous with one star , dirty , dirty dirty .
0	worst walgreens i 've ever been to .
0	i would never recommend getting your prescriptions filled here .
0	i ca n't believe the lack of customer service by these incompetent employees .
0	_num_ ) is that a service dog ?
0	i 've been filling my prescriptions here for _num_ years .
0	we 'll find another walgreens location next time around .
0	worst pharmacy around .
0	every time they mess up my prescription or life .
0	i think the local grocery freezer could have done a better job .
0	they quit selling fried oysters !
0	could n't tell me why either .
0	to call this fish and chips is sooo wrong .
0	its nothing like fish and chips should be .
0	fish was flakey and over fried .
0	we will no go back .
0	also the no lettuce and tomato ?
0	this is not my idea of fish and chips .
0	all locals know that it is cash only and no refills .
0	for food , i would give it zero .
0	horrible .
0	this is not real fish and chips .
0	which is a watery ketchup concoction .
0	you ca n't fry something and have it waiting for customers .
0	the shrimp is mushy but batter is hard .
0	use to be soooo good , and now it is just gross .
0	horrible , what a let down !
0	so disgusting now .
0	dont waste your time here , go across the street to filibertos .
0	this is _num_ .
0	plus the food is not all that great .
0	do not recommend eating here at all .
0	but the service is horrible !
0	the fried shrimp doesnt look like shrimp , maybe ground shrimp .
0	i really do n't know what all the hype is about this place .
0	i 'm glad i tried it but wo n't be back again .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	was better off getting mcdonald 's .
0	first off , i 'm pregnant and have major cravings .
0	my food is already pretty cold and i 'm only _num_ minutes away .
0	i was so unhappy with it i wanted to just cry .
0	i could 've just went to the gas station and got a slush there .
0	do n't eat here .
0	zero customer service .
0	should be negative stars .
0	went on a business trip with my hubby , who is a truck driver .
0	this place is horrible .
0	worst hotel i 've ever stayed in .
0	this place was plain and simply disgusting !
0	i want my money back !
0	worse inn ever !
0	not to mention there are no blankets on the bed just a sheet .
0	dirt around the edges of the carpet .
0	- continental breakfast - no thank you .
0	it was only _num_ minutes from the stadium .
0	do not stay here if you are a woman or have women with you .
0	wish we would have read the reviews before stopping here .
0	most disgusting thing ever .
0	every channel was black and white ; felt like we went back in time .
0	nothing could make this place better other than burning it down to the ground .
0	horrible !
0	please oh please for the love of pete , do n't stay here .
0	this place was not .
0	wo n't be going back .
0	only because the salsa and chips where great .
0	the service was slow despite having a small dining room and _num_ servers working .
0	and $ _num_ for a kids meal with _num_ nuggets .
0	the staff is so rude we checked out .
0	absolutely the worst experience at any hotel i 've ever stayed at .
0	the place is ok , not great or not terrible .
0	just because we do n't eat eggs unless they are hard boiled .
0	it 's all very plain .
0	reminds me why i go years in between eating at waffle houses .
0	_num_ types of waffles on the menu .
0	mcdonalds breakfast blows this place out of the water and way cheaper .
0	brutal customer service .
0	same thing .
0	we did not feel that we got good value for our money .
0	my muscles were getting tired from kicking her so much .
0	you do n't really expect a lot from a motel _num_ .
0	but it sure does n't deserve anything higher than _num_ .
0	no stains on the sheets or walls .
0	big dive do not stay here !
0	light switch next to the bed does not work well .
0	too bad they do n't give 1/2 star options .
0	i 'm like , that 's not what she told me .
0	they are dirty , rude and guess you get what you pay for .
0	she then tells me those rooms are for large families only !
0	i would not recommend this particular denny 's if your _num_ or younger .
0	i 've never experienced anything like it .
0	so now i sit at jack in the box next block over .
0	avoid this place if you can .
0	the place is dusty and dirty on the inside and outside .
0	probably my worse experience at a restaurant .
0	this is a very old denny 's and needs to be updated .
0	the staff are ok but my food was cold and not inviting .
0	sorry to say but employee seem so dumb !
0	now i know why they have so much trouble keeping this place staffed .
0	no urgency at all .
0	cook does n't care but why should he if his manager does n't either .
0	wish nj had more waitresses like her !
0	worst service ever .
0	if i could give no stars , i would .
0	do not let your loved ones go here !
0	they are money hungry and do n't care about their staff or patients .
0	the patients wait _num_ min to use the toilet !
0	ridiculous .
0	these people are the worst !
0	terrible customer service !
0	they were slow , turning at over two hours .
0	did n't seem to care much when asked about it either .
0	my local crap course has more to offer .
0	extremely disappointed .
0	i ordered pasta with meat sauce .
0	i like a crispy thin crust but this was too thin .
0	i gave two stars because the cheese in the pizza was good .
0	at least try to make them feel like they 're not an inconvenience .
0	it was way over microwaved i think .
0	do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs .
0	worst car wash ever !
0	bad attitudes & horrible customer service !
0	very slow & do n't care about length of time .
0	do n't use this place !
0	not even worth the $ _num_ from local flavor .
0	play was less than four hours which is good .
0	the wait times are always ridiculous !
0	scratch this one off my list .
0	ok not that bad .
0	this place has really gone downhill .
0	flavorless ... ... kung pao chicken is suppose to be spicy right ?
0	soda was flat , rice was dry .
0	not much flavor to anything overall and far from vegetarian friendly .
0	came here for lunch , my veggies were obviously out of a can .
0	sorry guys , more than likely wo n't be back .
0	the pieces are cut to small to pick up with anything but a spoon .
0	the only thing positive is the price .
0	it 's cheap and that 's probably why people come to this place .
0	omg , i 'm the first to review this place .
0	worst pizza i have ever tasted .
0	the worst customer service i 've experienced in a long time .
0	no explanation .
0	no apologies .
0	not edible .
0	i feel like management should take care of these things , not the waitress .
0	what a rip off and `` cheese sauce ? ''
0	save yourself time and money do not deal will this business .
0	what a disappointment .
0	i 've ordered flowers from lakeside before .
0	lakeside needs more competition they obviously ca n't handle any more business .
0	i just do n't feel heard or well taken care of .
0	that 's false ... .
0	so disappointed .
0	so this just threw me over the top .
0	sue and roy pittsburgh , pa .
0	boring .
0	horrible sunday dining experience !
0	the meals arrived to our table _num_ minutes after ordering .
0	i honestly can not understand how pasta could go so wrong .
0	absolutely horrendous service , pizza that is basically worse than frozen pizza .
0	ridiculous prices for the service and the terrible food !
0	the pizza is n't horrendous but it is n't wonderful either .
0	there is not one nice thing i can say about this place .
0	super slow .
0	no hustle in her step .
0	the first really bad trip was for breakfast .
0	when i finally got helped , i ordered a number _num_ from the sign .
0	so , i chose a few items i saw in the hot case .
0	it is my understanding that bashas used to be the only store in town .
0	i wo n't even bother again .
0	mediocre service and high prices !
0	wo n't go back .
0	you do n't need to buy from arizona .
0	i like to shop at ace hardware stores , but not this one !
0	$ _num_ per plate buffet .
0	we go back to the room , and the toilet is fixed .
0	$ _num_ for a _num_ minute massage , $ _num_ for a spa pedicure .
0	few more drinks , time for a nap , you get the idea .
0	oh let me guess that is not your problem .
0	the wrong keys .
0	there were _num_ people in our party .
0	big mistake .
0	not too happy with my last two experiences here .
0	carefree resort ... not my choice .
0	not much of a resort .
0	the rooms are drab .
0	food in the restaurant is inconsistent and the servers are the same .
0	front desk staff ranges from competent and friendly to incompetent and unfriendly .
0	it is a forgettable resort .
0	and she said `` there 's no shade . ''
0	i ca n't believe in az they have no shade .
0	i would never go back .
0	first off the room service is terrible .
0	they need to better train or get better employees .
0	i am a business traveler , i run my own charity business .
0	the ac does n't work right .
0	thanks for making my trip terrible and not fun for me and my family .
0	avoid this place .
0	so off i went in search of my room .
0	they were angry at me for walking across their parking lot to my car .
0	also no mini fridge for some reason .
0	however , this hotel is in need of some serious work .
0	so no sleeping in here .
0	shame on you .
0	everything else about the experience was poor and i would never come back .
0	first of all , i do n't think it should be called a spa .
0	none of those things exist .
0	i do not recommend .
0	not ready until 11:00 .
0	i would recommend going to pf changs or pei wei for the money .
0	i 'd give it negative stars if i could .
0	i said my chicken was bad and she took my plate without any apology .
0	hold on , i recommend you search for another place .
0	all of us had upset stomachs and gross tastes in our mouths again .
0	no ... just no .
0	slow service on the roof .
0	food took , i am not exaggerating , over an hour .
0	in sum , arrogant management , inept waitress , ok food .
0	poor service and inedible food .
0	the sweet potato fries were alright .
0	the manager comes by _num_ minutes later : `` everything okay ? ''
0	manager : `` the server said the money is not on the table .
0	the server is sure she did n't see it . ''
0	this is ridiculous .
0	you could not taste the food , only salt .
0	gordon ramsey would take one look at this menu and scream .
0	there 's no excuse for that .
0	you have a great atmosphere , that is ruined by the food .
0	wait staff is not well trained .
0	the service is painfully slow .
0	the food is rather atrocious .
0	i 'm not coming back .
0	it misses the mark by a long way in this area .
0	alot of hype with no substance .
0	carefree station , i believe you are hanging out with the wrong crowd .
0	p.s .
0	when we received the food it was mediocre at best .
0	i go to any mexican joint and have that exact margarita for $ _num_ .
0	it really is absurd .
0	she loved it , which is a terrible sign .
0	the menu is extensive , including food , wine and beer .
0	our service was bad .
0	however , we were n't counting on it taking an hour and fifteen minutes .
0	expensive meal that still has n't come after an hour and forty minutes .
0	came with bad blue cheese and wilted greens which ruined whole salad .
0	do n't bother to order off the menu .
0	she said no , what is on the menu is what you get .
0	this is not `` that '' type of restaurant .
0	this is not the review of a crazy angry person .
0	carefree station is gone !
0	place is completely empty , tables , chairs , fixtures ... gone .
0	i do n't recommend .
0	if you 're not a regular you will wait longer than necessary for service .
0	was n't clean and flies all over the place .
0	wo n't be going back !
0	i would n't recommend this place at all .
0	sorely disappointing .
0	the secret sauce is nothing but vinegar and oil .
0	they are the worst of the worst -- run do not walk away .
0	another customer was already waiting , as well .
0	plus i have done this before at other bashas and albertsons .
0	she agreed with me but did nothing .
0	so yeah , i think there should be a diversity of other cashiers .
0	sorry i had to give low rating !
0	i was n't really impressed at all .
0	it is n't anything i would try again .
0	this food is terrible .
0	they are overpriced for flavorless food .
0	a _num_ minute session !
0	: ( maybe the dr needs more practice .
0	sorry , but there will be no second visit .
0	automatically assume you will pay double whatever they quote .
0	do not go in to this jiffy lube location .
0	following , i had to have it towed to the dealership .
0	this service cost me $ _num_ .
0	horrible place !
0	i went there _num_ days ago and my fingers are still hurting .
0	there 's no variety here ; it 's southwest decor or nothing .
0	shortly after another gentleman walks in .
0	you would think cutting hair makes for a living , apparently not .
0	i would suggest staying away .
0	horrible customer service !
0	now , i am unfortunately no longer a loyal customer .
0	i will not call them again .
0	so wrong !
0	the food was mushy like it had been sitting awhile .
0	some of the food is okay but some is not .
0	she is never stressed ... .
0	the new owners will definitely not have our business .
0	i lost my appetite after that .
0	_num_ cashier open until it 's _num_ deep and you 're waiting forever .
0	so disappointed .
0	if i could give zero stars , i would .
0	ca n't tell time ?
0	terrible service from lowe 's .
0	hell no !
0	do i get a discount for inconvenience , absolutely not !
0	this is the 2nd time i 've had an issue with this location .
0	go to home depot or another company instead .
0	gross !
0	this item does n't work !
0	friday rolls around and no installer , no phone call .
0	there was only one person talking to a costumer .
0	_num_ % of the time , go to the lowes in north peoria .
0	very poor customer service .
0	too bad lowes is slow to learn .
0	he kept mixing up his words and nothing was making sense .
0	10/10 would never return to any lowe 's at all .
0	this place is a total rip off .
0	if i could give it no stars i would .
0	disappointed cuz paid $ _num_ car wash but they do a lousy job .
0	both times the results were far less than satisfactory .
0	i paid extra to have my floor mats cleaned - what a mess !
0	they do n't know how to clean windows either .
0	stay away from these rude lazy guys .
0	agree with roy h. do n't trust them with your car or detail work .
0	who cares , i pump my own gas .
0	the car wash is a completely different story .
0	this place is terrible be aware .
0	terrible work ethic and customer service and a bunch of thieves .
0	horrible service .
0	complete waste of my time and money .
0	even after bring my car back it still is n't clean .
0	would be better just to wash your car at home .
0	i will never return here and encourage everyone else to also avoid .
0	bait and switch is against the law .
0	go somewhere else and spend your groupon dollars .
0	first time shame on you second time shame on me !
0	wrong !
0	that 's absurd !
0	i again insisted i just could n't afford it .
0	they are rude and have the most disgusting attitude towards people .
0	it is nothing but a major scam !
0	so damn rude !
0	at this point , we are just done .
0	worst groupon purchase i have ever made !
0	had originally scheduled a appointment that i had to cancel .
0	no dice !
0	some individuals should just close their businesses if they hate working that much .
0	dont waste your time or your money .
0	avoid yourself the headache and go else where please !
0	i 'm in the customer service industry and worked in many doctors offices .
0	the ppl there are very pushy trying to sell .
0	i do not even remember going to their office for any service .
0	what a poor customer relationship ( not service ) .
0	big picture on the drive-thru menu but no price .
0	i have braces with southwest dental ended up costing around $ _num_ .
0	wish i would have did more research !
0	they are very unorganized and rude .
0	full disclosure : i cancelled my appointment before even receiving any services here .
0	after hearing her experience , i cancelled my appointment .
0	unacceptable in my opinion !
0	my experience was terrible !
0	what was the best chinese food we 've ever had is now just mediocre .
0	what was the best chinese food we 've ever had is now just mediocre .
0	also , the new staff is incredibly rude .
0	horrible .
0	very disappointed .
0	big greasy mess .
0	would not recommend .
0	do n't eat here !
0	horrible horrible experience and i didnt even get in the door yet !
0	i know thats bull crap .
0	this store is horrible .
0	horrible , horrible experience .
0	she also would not refund the shipping cost .
0	avoid this store !
0	the second employee said she 'd have to take me at another computer .
0	absolutely ridiculous .
0	i will be sure none of my packages come near this store again .
0	it took another _num_ minutes to get our drinks .
0	so she gave us _num_ five dollar coupons for next time .
0	i dont think there ever will be a next time .
0	the beef ribs were tough , fatty and not very tasty .
0	service , slow .
0	i did n't want to touch it .
0	no thanks .
0	this was me and my fianc favorite little place to go .
0	neither one of us could eat it .
0	service is slow in the bar area .
0	_num_ min wait for two salads .
0	who serves bbq with gravy for god 's sake ? )
0	no smokey flavor whatsoever . )
0	no , seriously , the onion rings were amazing .
0	i 'm just not the type to make a scene in public over food .
0	ugh .
0	they obviously do n't know what burnt ends really are .
0	the `` smoked '' turkey .
0	sorry , `` c '' .
0	the issue here is that it was neither .
0	$ _num_ for the ribs ... a rip-off .
0	both unimpressive .
0	way too main stream and over-priced .
0	service has gotten worse and worse at this location .
0	keep driving and find a better location .
0	the other bad reviews on this location are right on par with my complaint .
0	guess not .
0	that said i am not a fan .
0	i gave up drinking pop _num_ years ago .
0	that requires light to medium roast and fresh beans .
0	thanks but most diners these days have better plain coffee .
0	i would give negative stars if i could .
0	there was no one in line and two people already sitting with their beverages .
0	terribly slow , always .
0	this kfc is hands down the worst .
0	he states `` ok but you will have to return my chicken '' .
0	worst .
0	if i could give no stars , i would .
0	needless to say , i wo n't be back .
0	probably will not be back to this location .
0	i have n't been back and will never be back .
0	they 're not friendly , but they 're not rude .
0	this place is ridiculous .
0	absolutely disgusting dried out greasy chicken .
0	it makes me sad .
0	there 's not even a single cross at this place .
0	do n't drink the water ... or eat the food .
0	do n't think i will be back there anytime soon .
0	then why are we all sitting here !
0	their tortillas are just horrible .
0	no booze there though , just solid mex .
0	fajitas usually have too much black pepper and the tortillas are too thick .
0	service is hit and miss and the kid 's meals are a bit expensive .
0	there are better and worse mexican food restaurants to eat at in phoenix .
0	i ordered the nachos , these come with ground beef .
0	no refund no can we get you something else .
0	very disappointing .
0	the service is ok , nothing special .
0	i would def go back for drinks though !
0	the beef taco , i did think was good .
0	avoid the margaritas ( and sweet and sour overload . )
0	eat the chips and salsa , maybe a super expensive cheese crisp .
0	mushy mushy .
0	no peppers or onions inside , dry and terrible !
0	will give it a second chance but will definitely not order the nachos again .
0	it 's such an easy fix ?
0	unbelievable i wo n't be back after that trick !
0	this was a horrible experience .
0	i looked online and could n't find a gluten free menu for this place .
0	i would give this place zero stars if i could .
0	take my advice : do n't waste your time .
0	i actually sent it back -- and i never do that .
0	food is mediocre .
0	probably wo n't be back .
0	wish i 'd read reviews before i wasted my time .
0	a mexican restaurant ?
0	waitress was nice , prompt service but food is bad .
0	if you like bland mexican food than this is your restaurant .
0	lots of empty tables .
0	unfortunately i was hungry and ended up leaving without eating .
0	ugh .
0	after last nights two awful entrees , i 'm done .
0	really disappointed with today 's visit .
0	the salsa was very runny and it is usually chunky .
0	it is a shame this is my go to restaurant .
0	service mediocre at best .
0	terrible quality food .
0	husband agreed that his meal was of low quality as well .
0	disgusting .
0	so disappointed .
0	no gluten free menu .
0	wish i would have read the reviews before going .
0	we have tried this place _num_ times so far , and i am underwhelmed .
0	the chicken was dry and flavorful , and the veggies were soggy .
0	should be called bottom shelf !
0	cash only no big deal .
0	so my recommendation is do n't go out of your way to eat there .
0	sorry , just not my kind of place .
0	horrible quality !
0	sloppy work , no attention to detail .
0	no pride in workmanship .
0	we are going to have another fence company fix their shoddy work .
0	wasted a day of work waiting for them to show at my house .
0	no show .
0	i still think about it to this day and this happened _num_ months ago .
0	i am not sure i will ever play there again .
0	we play and it 's super slow .
0	the group in front is taking _num_ mins to play a hole .
0	it 's run terribly , no responsibility from any of the staff or management .
0	wow , was i put off by the negative service at this place !
0	it took us almost an hour to play the hole as a result .
0	just pure disappointment !
0	bad bunkers greens not nearly as nice as before overall average course condition .
0	played golf there today and worst experience ever !
0	spend your money somewhere else .
0	do n't make the drive for a bad atmosphere to play in .
0	as it turns out , we could n't have been more wrong .
0	ultimately , my wife simply took what mrs .
0	it was difficult to find and when we did it was locked .
0	i just got an email from the school stating i owe them $ _num_ !
0	needless to say he never called back .
0	i would have giving this school zero stars if i was able .
0	spent about $ _num_ for party of _num_ , $ _num_ too much .
0	we stopped here before heading out to phoenix , arizona on a wednesday afternoon .
0	no call .
0	no soda for you !
0	do n't use this company .
0	i could n't believe it ... .
0	make sure you get an estimate before services are performed .
0	this should be zero stars .
0	she does not smile and lacks in customer service .
0	passing through last week we stopped in for lunch .
0	she was tired and slow , we 've never had lunch take so long .
0	it turned me off so badly my appetite was ruined .
0	this was my 1st time at the bistro and it will be my last .
0	she said the wine sits in the sun all day .
0	there were only five tables occupied .
0	not my favorite meal .
0	do n't bother making a reservation _num_ days in advance it means nothing .
0	needless to say , i was overly satisfied .
0	i reviewed the menu during work and could not wait for 7:30 .
0	what is the point in having a reservation , my husband asked .
0	dirty , do n't touch anything !
0	worst gas stop in _num_ miles .
0	avoid .
0	the store has an atm , but the atm is really old .
0	rip off alert !
0	_num_ for regular , 1/2 block off the freeway .
0	buyer beware someone at this gas station .
0	mistake wrong course .
0	some apartments have ten residents living in a _num_ bedroom _num_ bath apartment .
0	the tenants seem to have endless kids living in two bedroom units .
0	take your money somewhere else that 's affordable and nicer .
0	this alone is not worth the drive .
0	unfortunately i have to say i do n't think i will be back .
0	cause as everyone else before me mentioned -- this place is dead .
0	however , on the plus the surreal is part of the strange appeal .
0	tourists , you have been warned .
0	maybe a holiday weekend better , i do n't know .
0	apparently , they 've created restrictions for taking pictures on the property .
0	the pace of play is ridiculous .
0	this is a very touristy course , avoided at all cost .
0	dont buy thier groupon .
0	nowhere on the groupon does it state that an appointment needs to be made .
0	this place is a f n joke !
0	unbelievable .
0	they feed on people that do n't look like they no anything about cars .
0	i 've been shopping here for _num_ years for weekly groceries .
0	adam radio 's back to her and says that he will not do that .
0	i ca n't believe this place .
0	this doctor and his nurses do n't even deserve one star .
0	then they sent me on my way after charging me $ _num_ .
0	do not waste your time or money on this terrible , lazy doctor .
0	everyone else needs some lessons in time management .
0	i made the mistake of stopping here for dinner .
0	what the hell was i thinking ?
0	i 'll stop now before it gets ugly .
0	ugh .
0	the brownie was edible , but not by much .
0	not so much .
0	the buffet is terrible !
0	my dad basically just ate cold potatoes and ice cream .
0	the smokey smell is pretty bad .
0	the steakhouse ... what crap .
0	absolutely ridiculous .
0	do n't act as if you are some fancy ass strip steakhouse .
0	tourist are n't lining up and neither are the locals .
0	this is the oldest running casino in the nation !
0	not much to see here .
0	there 's a cafe , buffet and steakhouse .
0	all _num_ serve the same giant fatty rough looking prime rib .
0	would not even think of going here again .
0	the `` steak '' was 1/4 inch thick at the most , tasted awful .
0	this place is terrible in so many ways .
0	and not in the so terrible it 's good way .
0	but do n't expect anything good here .
0	the beverage list is very limited .
0	ate breakfast at iron rail caf this morning .
0	however , sadly that is not an option .
0	that is not ok !
0	so rude !
0	no whip creme .
0	big mistake !
0	both of us were up half the night sick .
0	worst costumer service at front desk ever !
0	how do you mess up hot dogs ?
0	i would never rent here again .
0	there is a terrible roach problem .
0	the pool is infested with roaches .
0	the guy counted the boxes right but put _num_ on my bill .
0	i called back but he would n't answer my call .
0	this is an extremely racist office .
0	every time we order from this location it 's terrible .
0	corporate really needs to get involved here .
0	my family has ordered previously and had no problems .
0	ordered _num_ medium pizzas : first was missing something .
0	this location is just a complete mess .
0	_num_ stars .
0	i suggest you do n't give them the opportunity to disappoint you , too .
0	the bad : pretty much everything else .
0	_num_ stars .
0	we are sending a letter to their corporate offices and nevada health board .
0	the tech instead said , `` we check everything '' .
0	the worst !
0	horrible !
0	ridiculous !
0	would not trust to perform surgery or do anything but shots !
0	made an appointment and still ended up waiting _num_ minutes before deciding to leave .
0	however , you get what you pay for .
0	more pretentious than amazing .
0	my husband and i went here for a date - trying out something new .
0	it 's terrible !
0	not cute .
0	we will not be coming back .
0	will not be going back !
0	i wish i could give no stars .
0	this is the worst mcdonald 's i have ever been to .
0	ice cream machine is out .
0	the women who work here , hate their lives .
0	she asked for paperwork to confirm my dog was a service animal .
0	`` this will not turn out well for you . ''
0	i would not recommend this store for any purpose .
0	the pool is small and nothing special .
0	how fucking terrible .
0	atm costs like _num_ to pull money out .
0	bad example for a buffet .
0	oh no , i 'm late !
0	day _num_ , can i please have batteries for the remote ?
0	and since we were using the space to practice , we could n't practice .
0	i still ca n't stop thinking about how horrible it was .
0	let 's me know they do n't care about there customers .
0	i will not be returning .
0	there 's nothing fancy , but for $ _num_ , it 's a steal .
0	the big problem here is the food .
0	the buffet is awful .
0	on the italian section , only the pizza remains a constant .
0	overall , if i had to i would stay there again .
0	so i think next time i will stay elsewhere .
0	not sure i will have a reason to come back.
0	but that is not the case .
0	she does not ask why .
0	do not spend your money here .
0	seriously disgusted with this whole thing .
0	it 's just all around bad .
0	we did n't enjoy our stay at the fiesta very much .
0	our wait person could not be found for initial drink requests .
0	this is unbelievable for such a venue .
0	i guess i 'll find out in a few here .
0	overall , this hotel is not bad .
0	this is the worst hotel/casino i 've ever stayed .
0	lastly , the front desk girls need lessons in customer service .
0	the only good thing is starbucks ... heads up to ya 'll !
0	also the room is so smokey it was like smoking a pack a night .
0	we stayed here last week because they are a pet friendly hotel .
0	honestly i should have looked elsewhere .
0	stay away from hotel , yikes !
0	this place is not worth the price .
0	will not be coming back here .
0	review is specific to the buffet .
0	the hotel is outdated .
0	beds are terribly uncomfortable and mattresses are well past their prime .
0	carpet is torn and stained .
0	pool : lame !
0	_num_ minute drive to the strip as long as there 's no traffic .
0	all in all , i 'd never come back here .
0	there web site said the $ _num_ rooms still available .
0	this hotel is disgusting .
0	are n't they supposed to be ?
0	the tv is n't connected and does n't work .
0	no common sense here .
0	this place is awful .
0	casino & restaurants were fine .
0	just avoid sleeping here .
0	horrible and rude !
0	it 's pretty mediocre .
0	royal flush ur money down the toilet capital of the world !
0	worst place to gamble !
0	terrible place to book a stay !
0	if i could rate it _num_ stars i would .
0	i wo n't be staying here again just based on those things .
0	there is no excuse for either of those .
0	it 's too bad i kinda liked this place .
0	because of him and the attentiveness of management i gave this place _num_ stars .
0	terrible .
0	you can only fool people for so long .
0	and this is why people do n't gamble as much anymore .
0	what a mess !
0	this place is atrocious .
0	they do not take appointments for sick visits .
0	that really sucks .
0	so basically there is a waiting room full of sick people .
0	i do n't know how they do it .
0	i go to pick up my prescriptions and only _num_ made it .
0	_num_ hours later and cvs still has not received anything .
0	rude employees , do n't carry diet coke for those who need it .
0	this is the one of the worse wendy 's ever !
0	then no sprite !
0	horrible !
0	worst wendy 's in henderson !
0	wrong .
0	gross !
0	this wendy 's is the worst one i have ever been too .
0	do not eat fast food unless you really can not afford anything else .
0	i wo n't be going back to this location .
0	drive thru is always slow .
0	_num_ sauces for two tacos ? '
0	i have no idea why there are so many good reviews .
0	the food is mediocre .
0	not skirt steak .
0	over $ _num_ to go through a stock _num_ twin 's carbs ?
0	huge mistake .
0	this place is old , stale , and just a little bit scary .
0	and this place is a prime example where the rating is really deceptive .
0	it looked like prime rib ... but it tasted exactly like corned beef .
0	my husband wouldnt eat his and he loves meat .
0	apparently bacon is not cooked to order here .
0	because of the low prices you do have to wait a while .
0	total disappointment .
0	that was really irritating to me .
0	worst casino management in henderson , nevada .
0	the cheap breakfast does n't provide an alternative like denny 's does .
0	it tends to be the most expensive gas around .
0	also , avoid the coffee .
0	absolutely the worst mexican food we have ever had .
0	otherwise , it would be _num_ star for the food alone .
0	very flavorless and just bleh .
0	there 's better authentic mexican restaurants out there for sure .
0	try if you like but i do n't recommend .
0	at that point , i looked at mr b. and said im outta here .
0	not this time .
0	bad service , bad food .
0	just all around bad .
0	really nothing special about it .
0	i do n't believe they know the definition of an appointment .
0	most miserable vet experience ever .
0	could not recommend more to stay away from this over priced under care facility .
0	bad service .
0	long wait times , with or without an appointment .
0	while visiting friends in henderson , my old dog went downhill .
0	never use this company , they are horrible .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	gross .
0	turns out they wan na charge me more from what i already paid .
0	it 's mediocre at best .
0	they are supposed to have a driver for the bus .
0	he should have never suggested this in the first place .
0	the pizza was ok ... i wouldnt go back just for the pizza .
0	they include gratuity in the bill which was fine .
0	nothing special as far as pizza is concerned .
0	no thanks , never again .
0	very bad experience , and definitely not going back .
0	wrong .
0	fried zucchini & sauce rocks .
0	also , the place is too dark .
0	service is horrible .
0	place is always packed to the walls busy , regardless of the horrible staff .
0	i waited _num_ mins or so to even have someone help me .
0	used to go here weekly with family but no more sadly .
0	delivery service has gone down .
0	if i could give this place zero stars i would .
0	i love supporting local companies but some just are n't worth it .
0	not some trendy restaurant on the strip .
0	slow service .
0	nice guy , but quality and value were lacking .
0	disgusting , filthy store .
0	trust me , just do n't .
0	apparently , it 's home and garden .
0	i 'm not moving until someone can assist me . ''
0	and the stupid propane is filled .
0	i find myself calling _num_ or _num_ times before someone answers .
0	kinda irritating .
0	oh , and the parking lot sucks too .
0	he has no reason to take anything .
0	being from san diego i expected great things from this wal-mart .
0	i go to wal-mart .
0	i like the cheap prices and variety .
0	ok this is the worst walmart i have ever seen .
0	i doubt i 'll be back , yes it was that bad .
0	oh yea , you want to dodge having to pay any benefits .
0	_num_ minute wait for day old fries and sloppy sandwiches .
0	do n't waste your money here , i wo n't be back .
0	and after eating i waited _num_ minutes to get a bag .
0	should have went to sonic .
0	it 's just sad .
0	it 's too bad this is the only location anywhere near our home .
0	i 've been sitting in this drive through for nearly _num_ minutes .
0	this movie theater is complete bullshit .
0	no manners .
0	first time going in and customer service at the snack bar was horrible !
0	not clean and the employees are so rude .
0	my kids are _num_ _num_ and _num_ .
0	he does n't introduce himself , no card , nothing .
0	you ca n't trust this florist .
0	i 'm literally standing outside of their door as i 'm typing this .
0	cash only , even for large orders ( funeral ) .
0	these guys are sloppy and crooks .
0	oh just come in on this day , i 'll be here till five .
0	worst auto parts junk yard ever !
0	1st off , they only had one working bowling lane .
0	no wonder this place is struggling .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	their drive thru service at night is horrible .
0	i 'm never going back to that place .
0	not crispy enough for my liking .
0	does n't deserve any stars .
0	the lack of respect from management is pitiful .
0	they do n't follow their health code what so ever .
0	so gross !
0	there are _num_ of us .
0	though there was a video camera , it does not have audio .
0	one of them has very poor etiquette .
0	she does n't treat you like patients , more like a sore thumb .
0	hate this office , would not recommend anyone to come here .
0	you horrible people .
0	i can not stand the women up at the front office .
0	while dr. grant is great , his staff is rude .
0	he made me feel like it was such an inconvenience .
0	rude staff !
0	it made me very hesitant and nervous about receiving my new glasses .
0	so inappropriate .
0	what a nightmare to have gone here , wasted time and wasted money !
0	the other gentleman that works there is a little strange , but friendly .
0	he 's not friendly like anna and he raised the price .
0	ate _num_ of _num_ of them , against my better judgement .
0	the staff is lazy .
0	just about every section , other department stores do better .
0	this is a little less than desirable , and a major health hazard .
0	staff are becoming noticeably younger and with that noticeably less helpful .
0	it 's $ _num_ .
0	i do n't need to be treated like a criminal .
0	not that i 'll shop at other kmart stores , i wo n't .
0	this policy is ridiculous .
0	not as cheesy as i would like them to be .
0	worst deep dish of any little caesars pizza in greater las vegas .
0	hot and ready does n't apply to this location !
0	he said he would get me _num_ fresh pies .
0	except this one .
0	well i guess it is little caesars so you can not expect much .
0	disappointing overall .
0	there are not living up to the name .
0	i wo n't get into the arguing any further , it 's too frustrating .
0	i chose to just get the `` better '' oil change .
0	insane business practices .
0	do not go to sun valley they charge more for the same services !
0	i come in needing a smog check .
0	fails .
0	thank you for making your shop look worse .
0	the customer service here was terrible , getting estimate is very hard .
0	pulled over , to see transmission fluid pouring from the bottom .
0	please avoid this place at all costs !
0	rip off artists at sun valley .
0	with a labor rate of $ _num_ per hour , why be so greedy ?
0	how can people be such terrible humans ?
0	lots if people like these jerks in las vegas from what i 've heard .
0	do not use this business .
0	do not come to this spot at all !
0	i ca n't believe this place is still in business .
0	i am a local resident , not from la .
0	i 've been going to sun valley for probably _num_ years .
0	i will not be returning .
0	what a mistake .
0	part of this is my fault .
0	you are a fool if you do business with these people .
0	security at the place is less than desirable .
0	( my bad , had the same name as my last one ) .
0	the company apparently has no consideration for their customers .
0	i have to use this store sometimes because of its location but never again !
0	why bother here anymore .
0	no straws , no napkins and no ketchup through drive thru ?
0	just do n't get it .
0	so than you are stuck in line to pull through .
0	terrible .
0	rude .
0	no smiles .
0	if i could give them no stars or a negative i would .
0	$ _num_ cheaper !
0	`` what the hell ? ''
0	with installation it was $ _num_ .
0	ridiculous .
0	rude , rude , rude .
0	rude , condescending , and lacking in basic communication skills .
0	tim is extremely rude very unprofessional and probably should n't be in customer service .
0	rude and greedy to a fault .
0	no thanks have a nice day , or anything .
0	the service department at this location is terrible .
0	ca n't get any information from them and no one seems to really care .
0	i change a bulb and still nothing .
0	horrible experience for me .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	they did credit us our $ _num_ back .
0	dee dee again stated what she said on the voice mail .
0	no apologies were really given either .
0	totally unacceptable !
0	they have the worst groomers !
0	the only reason i gave them _num_ star because of the vet i saw .
0	she gave him options and gave him a time limit of _num_ weeks .
0	dee at the front desk has a terrible , unfriendly , unwelcoming attitude .
0	his business could be so much better without the dead weight .
0	the rooms sit empty .
0	i do n't even think i would return if we had an emergency .
0	not anymore .
0	i was fed up enough this time to come home and write this review .
0	i will not be going back to this office .
0	say something - anything so i 'm not blatantly being ignored .
0	so i am extremely aware of what average prices on his meds .
0	not exactly sure the reason but i got dusty dogs back .
0	i only experienced _num_ of _num_ ( friendly professional staff ) .
0	i just would like to warn all you pet owners about this place .
0	the normal groomer we used was not available so another gal groomed my dog .
0	i ca n't imagine how they would treat a new customer .
0	this is a business built on profit , not animal care .
0	i will be taking my dog to my vet to be checked out .
0	i will not go here again !
0	you 're a dog boarding place your job is to board the dogs !
0	do n't waste your money here .
0	the owners are older and are ill equipped to deal with large breed dogs .
0	place is not appealing in appearance or smell .
0	save your money , go to the shelter .
0	it was awful .
0	terrible service .
0	greens are hard , dont hold anything .
0	i 'd play elsewhere unless you really are on a budget .
0	the green fee is dirt cheap .
0	if the other _num_ holes were still open it would be higher .
0	it 's not that it 's terrible .
0	sure enough , i saw other drivers tipping her .
0	apparently it is n't just me who does n't get it .
0	hell , i even think the burgers at del taco are tastier .
0	this is one place where the hype far exceeds the reality .
0	lacking .
0	will not return because management will not accept certain coupons !
0	and he was very rude !
0	do not waste your time .
0	they ca n't get an order right for the life of them .
0	i was completely offended .
0	the main reason for the poor review though is the owners .
0	i felt like i was doing something wrong each time i went back .
0	very disappointed in the service here .
0	i am visiting las vegas with a show playing the smith center downtown .
0	when i asked for a recommendation for a dermatologist , she also refused .
0	just do n't find him easy to talk to on a patient level .
0	my advice : do not trust this guy .
0	not anymore .
0	i would rate them _num_ stars before dr johnson switched to dignity health .
0	i would really like to rate them a zero in customer service .
0	ordered the steak and eggs and a chop steak .
0	they have really gone downhill .
0	a no smoking section makes no difference , the whole places reeks of smoke .
0	i would never waste my money or time in here again .
0	sadly things seem to have changed .
0	my money is not good enough ?
0	i have tenants freezing in my rental property and she could care less .
0	i am not impressed with their food , taco bell is far better .
0	the graveyard shift crew is a little iffy .
0	_num_ pieces of lemon chicken on the plate just left me wanting more .
0	no , really .
0	this place is horrible .
0	if i didnt have to give it a star , i wouldnt .
0	this place was nasty which reflects there dirty food .
0	life is way too good to risk and waste time on this place .
0	_num_ bucks down the drain .
0	please do n't waste your money on this place !
0	so i thought i 'd just came on a bad day .
0	not a pretty picture .
0	not a pretty picture and i do n't eat much .
0	same with the egg roll , nothing out of ordinary .
0	dont remember any meat , and definitely no scrambled egg .
0	worst haircut i have ever had .
0	i did n't even know they did that .
0	my first _num_ star .
0	dont waste your money , you will be disappointed !
0	what a waste of my money .
0	keep yourself healthy and do n't eat there .
0	the second day we dropped her off was a practice run for us .
0	alright , no big deal .
0	disgusting !
0	disappointing , do yourself a favor and save yourself the stress !
0	should n't you know this ?
0	what a disaster and a joke .
0	it 's not a casino i usually seek out .
0	my friend is having there $ _num_ beer specials .
0	this place needs to get there shit straight .
0	poor service !
0	very unfriendly staff , what little of it there was .
0	no vegetables .
0	food was decent and the restaurant looked like it needed remodeling several decades ago .
0	so then we get our food and everything tastes like day old and reheated !
0	i have been coming here for over _num_ years .
0	i cant imagine eating worse food !
0	terrible is their name and its for a reason .
0	$ _num_ for a gallon of milk .
0	there is plenty to eat , only what there is is n't good .
0	their bacon is nothing to brag about either .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	horrible !
0	nothing special at lunchtime .
0	cracked egg is way better and so is egg and i .
0	service is awful .
0	there were tables who were seated after us whose orders were taken before us .
0	this is hands down the worst breakfast place ever .
0	so far everything i have tasted is disgusting .
0	this place is so gross .
0	i will not go back to this one .
0	i 'm just not a huge fan .
0	very thick hollandaise , but not very tasty .
0	this morning however , i had a very bad customer service experience .
0	for a small place you would think they would care a little more .
0	food was cold , stale , and looked like it had sat for awhile .
0	told _num_ more minutes .
0	sketchy !
0	i do n't even know what to say .
0	must not be in the cards for us to eat out today .
0	so disappointing .
0	any decent person would have simply said excuse me .
0	try going to the `` egg and i '' instead .
0	it was literally stuck in the cheese in my eggs .
0	nothing but putting it down .
0	terrible !
0	i would never go back again .
0	recently walked in to an empty salon yet could not get services .
0	this is a terrible place !
0	i will warn them ... never to go back !
0	terrible !
0	not very good .
0	he was rude and ruined my desire for even wanting to go back .
0	the service was terrible .
0	bad thing is he doesnt accept any other form of payment accept cash .
0	very rude and if you dont ask for napkins you will not get them .
0	service is terrible .
0	honestly the hotdogs at costco are better and you do n't get attitude .
0	in fact too small for their $ _num_ price .
0	cash only businesses should know they have to make change .
0	dudes ego reeks big time .
0	definitely nothing overly special .
0	the guy at the window is rude .
0	it makes me sad that the quality has been given up on .
0	this is not a place i will be going back to anymore .
0	i wo n't be recommending this place anymore which is sad .
0	first time stop and wo n't be back !
0	do n't waste your time .
0	simply hot dogs , italian beef sandwiches , and fries .
0	the hot dog and fries were typical and a satisfactory quick lunch .
0	the fries were thick like steak fries .
0	hot dog heaven , attitude and hot dogs .
0	ugh .
0	i regret not telling her no .
0	_num_ star is _num_ star too many .
0	_num_ pm and they have no breasts of chicken and none cooking .
0	these people are clueless .
0	they really do n't deserve even one star .
0	the breasts were the suspicious pieces i 'm talking about .
0	not even edible .
0	this place does not have it together !
0	it 's a kfc that never has chicken .
0	who owns this crap hole ?
0	stood at the counter for about _num_ minutes .
0	the last few months it has been terrible .
0	there should be negative stars allowed for places such as this one .
0	this pharmacy is a complete joke !
0	the employees are rude and disrespectful .
0	need to get new managers & staff to run this place .
0	_num_ hours to fill the script , then _num_ minutes more to add flavoring ?
0	staff is super slow and not customer friendly .
0	terrible service and i do n't even think they care about there reviews .
0	i feel the office staff could of been more apologetic .
0	place is just bad .
0	i will just have to wait it out at the rainbow next time .
0	this is the 2nd time this has happened in this establishment .
0	the first time i let it slide thinking it was a fluke .
0	this dollar tree now sells expired items .
0	if you buy food there check the expiration date before buying .
0	never has ice cream cones / shakes half of the time .
0	worst fast food service in the world !
0	do n't go there the food is under cooked .
0	just a pet peeve of mine , i guess .
0	seriously , gross .
0	it tasted more like a bad hazelnut flavor to me .
0	i drive straight there and walk in and it is extremely busy .
0	very disappointed .
0	the meat is either undercooked , or past its prime .
0	chicken in the tacos tasted like jerky , with a stale shell .
0	when i got my food it was not the combo .
0	i left without the rest of my food .
0	no receipt to confirm .
0	i 've tried it like _num_ times just to be sure it sucks lol .
0	i 'm never going back .
0	she 's having a bad day .
0	not worth the attitude .
0	worst experience ever !
0	this is the worst customer service ever !
0	( open air ) no wonder they are wilted !
0	ridiculous !
0	no show !
0	it really may be the worst _num_ hour in the city .
0	very disappointing .
0	they only have basic breakfast food and sandwiches .
0	i will never return to this place if this man is behind the counter .
0	i am soo disappointed !
0	i still have a terrible taste from it .
0	no problem since .
0	i suppose $ _num_ must have gone to the hispanic shop .
0	$ _num_ ( after _num_ % aaa discount ) for a simple oil change !
0	she grabbed donuts from the back .
0	drove _num_ miles in rush hour traffic to satisfy my craving .
0	i 'm all about cleanliness so i was n't feeling that at all .
0	maybe my nyc tastebuds have turned me into a donut snob .
0	this place maybe just a little too plain for me .
0	the place is dirty and not worth it .
0	so no more _num_ cent roulette and no more $ _num_ blackjack .
0	might be the best thing .
0	slow service , below average food .
0	don ' t waste your money !
0	worst breakfast buffet i 've experienced .
0	there was hair on the sink .
0	i was exhausted so stayed in this special room .
0	do not stay here .
0	worse hotel every .
0	over the next three days i got _num_ more calls from the collections department .
0	more than a month goes by and i do not receive my check .
0	i can not recommend this business at all .
0	i have to tell you no , they could n't handle it .
0	so he says he 'll come back in few days with seed .
0	_num_ hours later another guys comes over and says he is there to spray .
0	so he says we should spray .
0	these guys are idiots .
0	there is no customer service there .
0	he was still yelling thru the door .
0	the people in the local las vegas office are completely incompetent and apathetic .
0	what an awful experience !
0	is n't this a hospital ?
0	you ca n't tell me if my baby is ok or not ?
0	if i could leave zero stars i would .
0	and complaining he could n't breathe .
0	thanks st. rose once again for nothing .
0	the building it 's self is extremely old and in need if repairs .
0	nick needs to get over himself .
0	the front office receptionist was talking and laughing .
0	in my opinion this is not a non profit operation but a total fraud .
0	bad decision .
0	very rude people , a director that takes no appointments to discuss issues .
0	people that have been long term residents having to prove they are resident .
0	there extremely slow , and it 's cold bring a jacket !
0	they handle their money terribly .
0	money money money .
0	sometimes service will go on for _num_ minutes before jesus is mentioned .
0	very impersonal at the church unless you are a seasoned volunteer .
0	but this lady , damn , she needs a hug or something .
0	1:30 , the place is still closed .
0	there is a subway _num_ feet away .
0	however , its degree offerings are limited .
0	they will ignore you , unless you walk in with a suit .
0	shame on the company for having this pathetic staff no customer service whatsoever .
0	very slow service .
0	not prepared at all for a new device coming out .
0	and of course , she was wrong about everything .
0	i am very sorry about your experience .
0	i miss my previous agent back in illinois .
0	i 'm not impressed with the agency .
0	i know why she quit now !
0	there are several other family there waiting as well .
0	wait about _num_ minutes then go home .
0	worst place ever !
0	worst dentist ever !
0	they do not care about the patients .
0	i woke up in screaming pain .
0	pricing seems high to me and bedside manner is not the best .
0	this place is unprofessional and a rip off !
0	worst place ever !
0	i could hardly hear what they are asking me .
0	bad place !
0	they are awful to work with .
0	the office staff makes promises and the dentist has no clue .
0	long story short .
0	would n't want people with horrible personalities to work on my teeth anyways .
0	every month there is more money needed .
0	everyone is confused !
0	what a shame and a waste of time .
0	it normally comes with hash browns or potatoes , but i got tomato slices .
0	it was topped with two poached eggs .
0	ugh .
0	pet peeve of mine i guess .
0	how can a local bar have absolutely zero hh ?
0	sandwich comes old crusty beef , onion , mushrooms .
0	_num_ min wait to be seated .
0	small , pathetic .
0	the shepherd 's pie looked like someone threw up in a tiny cup .
0	so sad !
0	at this point i was extremely upset .
0	she also could n't confirm if the filling was inside as requested .
0	ultimately i get that it was just a cake .
0	so annoying .
0	its also for the lower class customer .
0	so obviously this is the store the idiot customers come too as well .
0	no one there knows how to bag and it seems there is no training .
0	this is the closest grocery store to my house but i will not return .
0	i am _num_ months pregnant .
0	extremely rude , extremely unprofessional and so far out of line !
0	supposedly the regulars expect nothing less .
0	i ordered two pho and _num_ order of egg rolls .
0	this is basically your typical local chinese restaurant .
0	horrible service !
0	the ants are n't dead now you just got them closer to the kitchen .
0	but they use no one and they should .
0	we spent $ _num_ including tax .
0	our container of mongolian beef and white rice was only half full .
0	they were all fat and hardly any meat .
0	the restaurant also does n't seem clean .
0	totally disappointed .
0	this was my 4th time eating here and quite possibly my last .
0	it was hot in there and service was ok.
0	it is almost like it is made of pure sour .
0	the bad rating comes from the beef .
0	we would never ever recommend this restaurant to any of our friends and family .
0	food quality was so down , vegetables were not at all fresh .
0	spring oil with oil and have no idea what they stuff .
0	it serves a purpose if you are broke or drunk , and little else .
0	heavy on the deep fryer and sugary sauce , light on quality .
0	do not request your order for delivery .
0	very disappointing !
0	to spring mountain , so i ordered take out at jasmine express .
0	big mistake .
0	the onion and bean sprouts were brown and old .
0	the chicken was the cheapest quality a restaurant could buy .
0	i feel bad because it was my idea to go there !
0	i ordered some vietnamese food that i 've been normally ordering .
0	not even an apology for this aweful meal .
0	you will be very disappointed !
0	he kept saying well no one else has complained .
0	do n't get it here .
0	it seems tho that the restaurant has either changed owners or cook .
0	i highly doubt we will ever visit this establishment again .
0	i ca n't believe this place has over a _num_ star rating .
0	pad thai mediocre .
0	only saving grace were the boba drinks .
0	definitely a thumbs down .
0	first of all , their sign says hey open at 11am .
0	so disappointed .
0	i 've been here a few times and i always leave very disappointed .
0	horrible service and mediocre food .
0	no one should ever go here unless you want to risk your health .
0	i do n't understand why it would take so long .
0	now the people here do n't even say hi or greet you .
0	no ... '' have a nice day '' or thank you ! ''
0	a lot of rice , not enough chicken , veggies or sauce .
0	the drinks are n't that bad , but the wait time is ridiculous ?
0	_num_ minutes for a boba drink .
0	they must 've had a dumb new cook today or lazy one .
0	it says they 'll be open on tuesday but they 're not .
0	free eggroll with yelp check-in and buy one get one free drink ?
0	straight to trash .
0	either way , i could not drink this .
0	buy _num_ get the 10th boba drink free .
0	dinning room and bathroom was also dirty again .
0	your wife is just confused .
0	we probably wo n't be coming back here again .
0	bad service .
0	they have the worst pho i 've ever had !
0	their seafood pho sucks monkey balls a million times .
0	just do n't ever get pho here !
0	it really is strictly business for me here .
0	over all , this particular branch is ok .
0	avoid this branch !
0	she answer in a very rude way .
0	you 've lost this customer .
0	but , they never bring our sauces .
0	we typically order _num_ to _num_ extra sauces that we pay for .
0	i received horribly cut cold pizza .
0	very unhappy .
0	not totally impressed with the cutting either .
0	i 'm not saying everyone is like this , just most of them .
0	truth be told , i would not have rented this place .
0	my friend did but only made one visit before deciding .
0	big mistake !
0	they call it a luxury apartment , it is not !
0	just horrible communication .
0	old apartments that are in poor repair .
0	i can ignore lies but i ca n't get back the money .
0	will not go here again nor will i recommend them .
0	i still would not use them ever again .
0	no going to be back here again .
0	worst car wash ever !
0	so pathetic .
0	it 's not difficult to put paper in the machine .
0	i 'm not kidding you .
0	it 's the first oil change for my recently bought _num_ hyundai accent .
0	nothing needs replacement .
0	they were trying to rip me off .
0	never going back !
0	total rip off !
0	they are shady and will ripe you off .
0	they advertise $ _num_ oil change .
0	would not come back .
0	watch out for their false advertisement .
0	my second time their diet coke was not working .
0	needless to say we 're looking elsewhere .
0	please do not eat at this location .
0	it gets worse every time i go .
0	the first two times was because they did n't make the order correct .
0	right next to this awful mcdonalds .
0	she didnt even care when i asked her to take my order .
0	worst attitudes .
0	gets orders wrong .
0	simple orders too .
0	i have n't even ordered .
0	this is just ridiculous .
0	worst mcdonald in las vegas .
0	ca n't get my order right when i repeated myself _num_ times .
0	then when i get my food that i asked for with no onions .
0	no customer service .
0	just unacceptable .
0	im not coming back to this chapel again .
0	very , very noisy .
0	what a f # @ king dump ... and the managers are a joke .
0	i just like a server who remembers im there .
0	even with the _num_ for $ _num_ .
0	terrible service and dry flavorless food .
0	not coming here again .
0	horrible ( that 's an understatement ) service .
0	there was a long wait for a greet .
0	i would not recommend this place .
0	just horrible service .
0	she was rude & looked like she hated her life .
0	like why would you bother to bring me it to begin with .
0	like what the hell .
0	we will not go back due to their lack of customer service .
0	so they have lost our business .
0	but we will not be coming here anymore .
0	please it is only applebee 's .
0	_num_ ) they must have a new cook .
0	however we are ultimately disappointed each time .
0	until then , i will not be returning .
0	there were at least _num_ open booths in plain view from the waiting area .
0	service sucks , appetizers come out _num_ minutes after ordering with _num_ meal !
0	got home and everything was nasty .
0	every time i go to any location it ends badly .
0	this company apparently allows total jerks to drive for them .
0	forget the tour , they show you down to hallways and that is all .
0	be careful and ask questions prior to booking the hoover dam tour .
0	or should i have walked home ?
0	i would give zero stars if i could .
0	they do n't answer any calls , never call you back .
0	wish i could leave no stars .
0	do n't even bother it 's not even worth the gas .
0	i 'll just toss them where i finish my drinks !
0	there is no key .
0	by the time i ate it was all soggy .
0	the front desk is unorganized and staffed with incompetent people .
0	disappointed is the understatement of the year .
0	nothing to write home about .
0	bad business papa .
0	one of the worst airports to have to fly in or out of .
0	mccarran set a whole new low for me .
0	poor excuse for an airport .
0	getting a cab from las is insane .
0	bad , terrible , worst ever .
0	so gross .
0	_num_ stars , _num_ stars for this airport ?
0	yes , it is very vegas because you can gamble .
0	with that said , i am just not a fan .
0	the baggage claim systems really sucks .
0	ick .
0	otherwise , avoid like the plague .
0	security checkin : this is where it went down hill fast .
0	it 's just plain ugly .
0	you hardly need to walk _num_ feet to start gambling .
0	at peak times , i 've never seen anything longer .
0	not a big deal , but just give yourself time .
0	getting taxi 's here is horrible too .
0	and i 'm disappointed .
0	either than that , it 's just a mess .
0	kinda confusing if you never been to this airport before .
0	one of the most depressing airports i have ever been to in my life .
0	awful .
0	going through security is a horrid mess .
0	i mean come on , where is the customer service ?
0	las vegas has a few negatives though .
0	it 's a mistake !
0	las has free wifi , which every airport should have .
0	other than that , it pretty much sucks .
0	driving to / from the airport is very confusing .
0	the baggage claim can be very slow .
0	you 're forced to take something like a tram .
0	you ca n't leave me in this horrid place !
0	that 's not right .
0	in short , this place is terrible .
0	no real updates until the very end .
0	so frustrating .
0	tsa personal are rude .
0	life sucks then you get on your airplane .
0	okay whatever , it 's not but i 'll take it off .
0	but it 's never set off the machine before , ever ?
0	the baggage claim is also horrendous .
0	having to arrive early for flights sucks just a little bit more at mccarran .
0	stupid people .
0	_num_ hour wait for a cab line , are you kidding me ?
0	i dont like to mix my planes and trains .
0	impressions of a large airport in bat country .
0	- dark , dingy like a bus station .
0	wait , maybe that 's five stars .
0	worst airport experience ever .
0	i pass through mccarran a few times every year .
0	this place just keeps getting worse and worse .
0	note ... this is a _num_ lbs dog that i was carrying .
0	it is poorly laid out and confusing .
0	some of the tsa agents are also rude .
0	i want to kick the shit out of this airport .
0	is n't it essentially the same distance ?
0	the shuttle shit is so weird .
0	bud light is $ _num_ .
0	any airport that features that in one of their terminals is officially pretty douche .
0	maybe it 's because i never noticed before .
0	to my knowledge it does not exist .
0	there are hardly any food places to choose from at this terminal either .
0	bottom line : boo to you , terminal _num_ .
0	the worst airport i 've ever been to .
0	i have a long flight back home and i 'm starting to get hungry .
0	i figured a milkshake would hold me over for a few hours .
0	besides , you ca n't screw up a milkshake , right ?
0	there is no other place on earth like the las vegas airport .
0	at lease the slot machine wo n't give me diarrhea .
0	hell no , i 'm going to fly to midway international airport instead . ''
0	also , i hate the slot machines .
0	the limo driver turned me down .
0	i think i 've been spoiled with san diego & san jose .
0	first off , the terminal is super far from the entrance of the airport .
0	it is like they have never flown before .
0	no clue how to get through security .
0	just awful .
0	_num_ of us came up and had electronic boarding passes .
0	not a fan .
0	anyway , that pretty much is a vegas style hook up .
0	absolutely the worst security people ever !
0	incredibly slow and power hungry employees make for a horrible experience .
0	i 'm just glad i did n't miss my flight .
0	for the number of people coming through it is small and thus very crowded .
0	never thought i 'd be looking forward to airplane food .
0	freakin ridiculous .
0	the food choices in the southwest terminal are awful .
0	most of the time i 'd just rather walk .
0	airport is n't bad , tsa is rude and liars .
0	it 's vegas and i would expect a more classy airport .
0	just a weird place to be in .
0	this airport is seriously lacking food options .
0	tsa at las vegas is really bad .
0	worst airport i have ever been to !
0	tsa 's are the worst .
0	hmm , no that would be lying , we could never be that ignorant .
0	there 's no signage .
0	thats lame !
0	they have a nascar themed bar that is a special slice of hell .
0	$ _num_ for a stupid bottle of water !
0	slot machines in the waiting areas ... need i say more .
0	ugh that stripper stole all my money .
0	when you get there , it seems ok .
0	the long walk to security .
0	the only thing this place has is free wifi .
0	the food prices are horrible !
0	baggage is slow .
0	no other airport i 've been to allows this to happen .
0	one of my least favourite airports any where .
0	food service could use major improvement !
0	ugh .
0	it may take _num_ or _num_ minutes to clear ... .
0	there are not that many options for food at the airport .
0	the food choices past security are pretty lame .
0	vegas needs to get control of that .
0	that in itself makes this airport annoying enough .
0	it is time for a major overhaul of this airport .
0	this airport is just like any other airport if not worse .
0	$ _num_ subs .
0	anyways , the airport is older , not modern at all .
0	i guess this does give this airport some personality and some `` charm '' .
0	the toilets do not flush well .
0	this one makes me feel like i landed in reno , nevada .
0	i avoid it whenever possible .
0	it 's no wonder why people drive to vegas from phoenix .
0	checking in is terrible so go early .
0	security takes forever so again get there early .
0	their tsa staff , i must admit , is friendly though .
0	flew in an out of international terminal or terminal _num_ .
0	worst airport ever .
0	this place is n't terrible , but it 's a bit of a mess .
0	it 's just kind of a dank room you 're in .
0	avoid it if you can .
0	oh lv airport , you scare me .
0	the yelling .
0	see , that 's not nice .
0	it smells , looks and acts like a shitty casino .
0	this is a crappy airport especially considering its freaking vegas .
0	the food options range from awful to disgusting .
0	also frustrating was the hike to get to the d gates .
0	not enough security to run people through efficiently .
0	seriously only two people to check in luggage .
0	mccarran does n't seem that bad anymore .
0	talk about low standards .
0	leaving is bit more difficult .
0	ugh .
0	the bars [ imagine this ] are always full and there 's never seating .
0	the food choices suck , the restrooms -- i 'd rather hold it .
0	also , im an idiot .
0	it 's always busy and it 's difficult to find where you 're going .
0	- no free wifi .
0	it is usually crowded ( vegas , duh ! )
0	however , the real fun started when we tried to fly home .
0	it 's really a nightmare and can take up to an hour .
0	so stupid .
0	where the hell do i go then ?
0	it was never ending walk to our gate .
0	no restaurants , a few cheap shops .
0	but having to be there in the mid afternoon was a hot mess .
0	mess .
0	ugh .
0	the last thing i want to do is smell someone else 's hangover .
0	i might as well been at a street fest it was so crowded everywhere .
0	less than helpful directions in baggage claim .
0	terminal c needs new carpet and more electric outlets .
0	this means i 'm either dropping off the party people of picking them up .
0	bus , train anyone ?
0	probably the worst airport i 've ever been to .
0	oh and the wi-fi is not the best either .
0	the main terminal , terminal _num_ is easy to get around and navigate .
0	wrong .
0	if you are flying out of terminal _num_ , give yourself extra time .
0	i have no idea but it always seems like the case for me .
0	mccarran needs better signs for where airlines are !
0	the carpet looks old as do the chairs and not in a cool way .
0	try and find an available power outlet to charge your phone or computer ?
0	at least the taxi line goes quickly .
0	: not good ) with the airport .
0	gross .
0	the line always moves terribly slow .
0	i hate this airport , check in counters are so outdated and slow .
0	if i can avoid this place i would .
0	this has to be the worst airport i ever been too .
0	this is easily my least favorite airport i have ever been to .
0	next time i 'll avoid this airport like the plague !
0	idiots .
0	let 's open up _num_ different lines for one x-ray machine !
0	he was very old , and very kind , but very stupid .
0	well , crap .
0	luckily for me i hated las vegas .
0	i probably wo n't come back unless it 's something important .
0	-- really tsa ?
0	do n't scream at me .
0	i do n't travel often , but i 've had better airport experiences .
0	how annoying is that ?
0	what a crap airport .
0	rude staff .
0	i wish there was another airport besides this one .
0	ugh , so uncomfortable .
0	what 's the reason for _num_ star for this airport ?
0	too much slot machines .
0	i do n't like their noisy sound .
0	mccarran needs a makeover .
0	so do n't read it if you do n't want to .
0	_num_ star for the shitty ass staffs .
0	not even from la to new york , or boston .
0	this airport is hell .
0	either broken or _num_ people to an outlet .
0	never buy anything there .
0	the security lines and baggage claim areas are horribly overcrowded .
0	service is slow .
0	it can get pretty confusing finding your gate or getting out of your gate .
0	it was just so inconvenient .
0	would definitely not recommend this .
0	half of the travelers are sitting on the floor .
0	the airport is small , smoky and confusing .
0	terrible on sunday evening when hungover people are not good at following tsa instructions .
0	really ?
0	it 's really bad .
0	overall thought , it def does the job of welcoming you to sin city .
0	dirty and noisy .
0	otherwise i would have lost my mind by now .
0	toilet paper ( used ?
0	not so sure ... ) everywhere !
0	my favorite part of this airport is flying in and flying out at night .
0	i do n't understand the layout of this place .
0	i 've seen bus stations that are cleaner .
0	i 'm constantly being bumped into and pushed coming and going .
0	really makes me uncomfortable about the security level at this airport .
0	the boarding areas are way too small .
0	no charging stations anywhere .
0	worst airport i have ever stepped foot in .
0	next thing you know , you 're lost .
0	saturday after thanksgiving they were `` understaffed '' who the hell thought of that !
0	it smells like an old basement .
0	food choices are seriously lacking though there is a new pei wei .
0	the restrooms are old , too .
0	i never did , so i have no feelings towards that .
0	i 'm neither bothered by it .
0	i believe it is $ _num_ per person .
0	this airport ( the southwest terminal at least ) is so old and outdated .
0	food choices are seriously lacking though there is a new pei wei .
0	lax seems more organized than this place .
0	it is too far to walk .
0	nothing looks local at all .
0	they only take your money and leave you with a sour taste for vegas .
0	tsa tends to be quick , the only upside .
0	meal choices are also terrible .
0	terrible .
0	i walked all over the terminal .
0	people are rude and no one could be bothered .
0	poor directions and even worse common meeting areas .
0	this airport is so-so .
0	it is ridiculous .
0	people sitting on the floor along walls is super lame .
0	and it 's about _num_ degrees in here .
0	the driver can never find me i just hate it .
0	food and drink choices are lacking , mostly overpriced fast food .
0	very long walk from security to the gates in terminal one .
0	this place is _num_ years behind in making improvements that passengers need and want .
0	really not a good airport .
0	would it really be that difficult for the airport to install additional seating ?
0	i 'm not up on the latest las vegas news .
0	but , they are n't very many .
0	ya , there are loud slot machines .
0	ya , there 's an einstein bagel .
0	terrible .
0	the signage is misleading as well .
0	i really do n't like this airport .
0	i avoid it when i can and dip through it when it 's necessary .
0	you really ca n't wait to get out of the airport to gamble ?
0	go buy some $ _num_ chocolates and call it a day .
0	for example , there is a coffee bean about _num_ feet from a starbucks .
0	imagine paying $ _num_ for a vegetarian burger king burger .
0	i 'm not exaggerating .
0	baggage pickup is somewhat difficult .
0	why does it have to be so cold here ?
0	port of sin city .
0	perhaps and accessible cell phone lot would be helpful .
0	quick edit , there is wifi , it was hard to find .
0	they are loud .
0	i can not say the same for the vegas tsa .
0	unacceptable !
0	worst airport ever .
0	nothing good to say about this airport .
0	terrible selection of seemingly always understaffed restaurants and bars ( i.e .
0	so mccarran is absolutely not my cup of tea .
0	it takes a long time to get your bags .
0	have n't you guys made enough cash ?
0	what about just having them outside the freaking gates , like the hallways ?
0	over all though , you suck mccarran international airport !
0	no , not the lines , but the people working there .
0	airport is really stuffy .
0	also , no uber services here .
0	so prepare to cough up to take a cab to the las vegas strip .
0	it reminds me of a mall inside of an airport .
0	it is confusing and the signs do n't show you where everything is .
0	for such a busy airport , this is the worst terminal ever .
0	the air conditioning sucks and my seat on the plane has better ventilation .
0	if they would dump united , i would give them _num_ stars .
0	did you know that las vegas has a monorail ?
0	but it does n't go to the airport .
0	some people went behind ticket counters to charge their phones .
0	there is way too much extra space here .
0	seriously , folks ... can you not wait until you get to your hotel ?
0	san jose is close to my favorite .
0	compared to california la airport parking prices in vegas are cheap !
0	_num_ ) terminals .
0	hate hate hate the old .
0	old terminal very dark .
0	the new terminal is much brighter and feels more open .
0	no carpet there .
0	charging stations by the bathroom away for the gate is annoying .
0	_num_ ) food selection .
0	it 's terrible !
0	so sick of fast food greasy selections .
0	overall this airport needs to remodel and update .
0	the only reason i even gave two stars is for the new terminal .
0	why ca n't i just flag one down like people do in normal cities ?
0	why are your tsa agents such mega assholes ?
0	tsa is rude and inefficient .
0	so we went back inside , through security .
0	this is not an airport .
0	it 's ridiculous and there 's never enough flights to wait on .
0	i 'm driving to vegas next time .
0	wo n't be traveling through vegas airport again .
0	no need to be nasty .
0	jamba juice in the terminal _num_ , c section is a bonus .
0	there is poor signage everywhere .
0	still annoying , though .
0	the check in area is a little chaotic , cramped feeling and confusing .
0	slot machines are still there but without players .
0	my main problem with this airport ?
0	so disappointed .
0	security and tsa has to be the worst set up i have ever seen .
0	i hate this place .
0	if i did n't have to fly into las vegas here i would n't .
0	dingy , dirty , people are rude .
0	i totally understand that they are just avoiding people parking .
0	it smells like cigarettes and cigars .
0	but hey it 's vegas -- what else could one expect ?
0	i do n't love the lack of good / healthy food options .
0	casino electronic games add to the cramped and unpleasant nature of this airport .
0	why is the selection of food so horrible ?
0	why is it so cramped and ugly ?
0	one of my least favorite airports .
0	if you have trouble finding one then there is something wrong with you .
0	one of the worst airports to get to ever !
0	horrible experience with the taxi system here .
0	i am disgusted with this airport .
0	this is a serious fuck up , excuse my language but i am livid .
0	mccarran airport shuttle is terrible !
0	they always take forever or loose my bags here .
0	also this `` make it difficult to uber passengers '' is getting old .
0	so they get another star for that .
0	not a single allergy friendly place to eat in the airport .
0	one person says _num_ thing , another person says another .
0	wrote and email and it went totally ignored .
0	i ended up filing a police a report .
0	there are very few options and the slim options you have are not good .
0	restroom facilities are not clean .
0	but they still chose to open only _num_ lanes !
0	i stood in line for almost half an hour trying to get in .
0	however , my second half of the journey would be a little unsure .
0	i am not suggesting they should do anything less at the security check .
0	the terminal layout does not help either .
0	i missed my connection going and coming back .
0	i could not take the team back .
0	but passengers miss it all the time .
0	clearly there is no correct baggage signage .
0	the restaurants there have the same dank depressing feel .
0	mccarran terminals used to be less a shopping area than a transfer area .
0	crappy tsa !
0	and the security is pure garbage !
0	peace out , vegas airport .
0	has a nasty flavor and the service horrible they take the longest time .
0	note to self : avoid if at all possible .
0	the rude piece of shit workers at starbucks were discussing !
0	worst airport i 've ever been in .
0	slow agents with horrible attitudes .
0	airport construction ruins your morning .
0	we would 've been ripped off of an unnecessary payment of $ _num_ .
0	that would 've been a no bueno !
0	thankfully it 's only _num_ .
0	terrible way to end ( or start ) your trip .
0	i 'm not a fan of this airport ( at least terminal _num_ ) .
0	honestly , for las vegas this airport is super boring .
0	the airport at the gates are in some desperate need of a upgrade .
0	depressing place .
0	too many to mention !
0	for my first time at this airport , it left an awful impression .
0	how pathetic is that ?
0	is it possible to give zero stars ?
0	worst experience ever .
0	no line process for baggage drop off at american airlines check in .
0	worst flights of my life .
0	after the last experience , i will never be back .
0	i 'm totally not kidding !
0	maybe staff training is needed in vegas ?
0	i do n't even want to think about the alternatives .
0	never have i been treated like they are doing me a favor .
0	it is so sad .
0	they have continued to raise rates .
0	this is stupid !
0	and , most of the point systems are on the high end .
0	this is stupid !
0	... .
0	my reviews are pretty much the same as everyone else .
0	customer service is everything and that is something they lack !
0	dingy ass workers at starbucks could n't get out order right .
0	it 's been bad from day one and only continues to get worse .
0	i just do n't see it .
0	the only reason to fly sw is a direct flight .
0	but at sw , they try harder ... to suck .
0	it 's disappointing to me because they used to be very good .
0	i am also not a fan of open seating .
0	coming home from vegas southwest airlines lost half of our luggage on sunday .
0	southwest is starting to not be as good as it used to be .
0	i seem to be delayed on _num_ % of the flights i take !
0	so , i guess you get what you pay for !
0	they did n't even offer me a voucher for losing my luggage , either .
0	with southwest until now .
0	rude , rude rude lady at check in .
0	very poor service , very disappointed , sw .
0	and it 's southwest , so no food , just light snacks .
0	this has never happened to me with delta .
0	not good !
0	i really want facebook to have a dislike button for southwest airlines .
0	will probably spend more next time for more comfortable flight .
0	they never smile and show no sign of enjoyment .
0	again the most terrible customer service of any airline i have ever flown .
0	but it just is n't happening .
0	same thing on our reno to vegas flight .
0	wtf an i supposed to fo about work in the am , room ?
0	southwest is becoming just another airline with poor service .
0	but wait it gets so much better !
0	i 'm seriously wondering what the hell the delays are all about !
0	lastly southwest get your shit together this is embarrassing !
0	i fly only jet blue !
0	sucks !
0	all the eating options are generally out of seats as well .
0	sorry southwest ... get better customer service and we will gladly switch .
0	seeing these people work is like watching paint dry .
0	why have n't all these people been fired and replaced with a computer .
0	this airline treats customer like cattle .
0	terrible experience on southwest _num_ !
0	such a hit and miss experience on sw .
0	my wife will hate losing the credit card !
0	at this point i finally reached my breaking point .
0	i just could n't understand how this whole experience could be so bad .
0	i could n't believe it !
0	ugh .
0	i may have flown southwest for the last time .
0	really uncomfortable for _num_ hours .
0	having a hard time giving any review but negative to southwest today .
0	basically they give zero concern or care .
0	it 's not in their job description .
0	but i did pay _num_ to board in the first group .
0	literally throwing them like he was bowling .
0	i absolutely hate southwest .
0	half of the southwest counter people are so rude too .
0	worst travel experience ever .
0	( i guess family means _num_ adult and _num_ baby . )
0	_num_ hour delay .
0	july _num_ , _num_ .
0	hard to say southwest cares about their passengers .
0	i would not put it past them .
0	to make matters worse why would they lie ?
0	i am once again let down .
0	get to las vegas and now the plane is _num_ hours late .
0	southwest airlines is like the walmart store flying in the sky .
0	just pay a little more and get better service .
0	_num_ hour wait in line .
0	personally , i think it 's crap .
0	i just do n't see how that 's fair .
0	the staff on broad today is a little rude and short with the passengers .
0	the most frustrating time waiting for flight .
0	how annoying !
0	i was soon introduced to mr sean roberts ( employee number _num_ ) .
0	so we went to the counter at the gate to get a boarding pass .
0	very disappointed !
0	be careful , this fine print will most likely cost me $ _num_ !
0	the flight crew is very unorganized during these stops .
0	_num_ ) terrible customer service .
0	_num_ ) no screens in the plane .
0	this airline is the worst .
0	now i realize why it is so cheap .
0	i explained that i was pregnant and not able to lift it that high .
0	thankfully another passenger helped but she was really rude about it .
0	there are many more airline choices !
0	if you 're pregnant do n't fly southwest !
0	not this trip !
0	unbelievable .
0	very disappointing # southwest , very disappointing .
0	she makes southwest look bad .
0	very rude .
0	please hire people that want to be there and not giving everyone attitude problems .
0	do n't trust peoples ' word even after you verify it many times .
0	i 'm a preferred avis customer .
0	`` we do n't add names .
0	if you want to add a name you need to pay $ _num_ . ''
0	avoid at all costs !
0	no courtesy from the counter ?
0	i will not be renting from these crooks again !
0	i would have given it zero stars but yelp would n't let me .
0	sketchy and lazy people work here !
0	spent over _num_ minutes in line .
0	so i said i would happily wait .
0	_num_ minutes go by and no manager ever came out .
0	more negatives than positives to say about this place .
0	_num_ hour wait in _num_ degree heat for a swap out .
0	_num_ hour wait in _num_ degree heat .
0	here i am _num_ days later still trying to get my money back .
0	no big deal .
0	but they only accept major credit cards for dropping off at another location .
0	what a complete waste of my time on my super short trip .
0	you too expedia .
0	justin the sale consultant was very very very very very rude .
0	all i want was to know the rates .
0	managers just standing around .
0	it is taking over _num_ minutes to get through the line .
0	i could have gotten a bigger car for the same price elsewhere .
0	gave me the suv that was sitting there the whole time i was waiting .
0	so disappointed .
0	the bagels are just as good for less than half the price .
0	she looks african american .
0	i am sure the company is making more profit now though .
0	it is really sad to give this place a one star .
0	today 's visit was the same on top of losing my order .
0	disaster .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	it 's ridiculous !
0	unfortunately they are closest einstein 's to me so in stuck .
0	_num_ minutes !
0	avoid this location at all costs .
0	what else do you want ? ''
0	i wo n't be coming back .
0	btw the only saving grace to this whole experience was the very kind cashier .
0	met a friend this morning at 10am .
0	but still nothing .
0	poor service .
0	and extremely pathetic response to a customer issue .
0	the worst einstein 's i have ever been to .
0	the staff seems frustrated just taking your order .
0	if you 're silly enough to stay be prepared for disappointment .
0	bagels still alright here , but service has taken a turn for the worse .
0	slow , inattentive , and unfriendly .
0	i wish i could give this no stars .
0	gross .
0	this place is terrible .
0	this place is ridiculously unprofessional .
0	very poorly run hotel .
0	it 's $ _num_ for use of the atm .
0	crap tables off the strip should be $ _num_ they are $ _num_ .
0	avoid this place like the plague .
0	nothing special .
0	the place is a shit hole .
0	bad attitudes to say the least .
0	the rest of the hotel is a joke too .
0	the carpet looks like it 's over _num_ years old .
0	i 'd rather stay at motel _num_ than have to stay here again .
0	i would give this place no stars if i could .
0	this has got to be the worst hotel that i have ever stayed in .
0	do not stay here unless you like camping in the city dump !
0	do yourself a favor , do not stay here .
0	zero stars .
0	this attorney will take your money and work for the other side .
0	it 's a dirty location with a foul smell of piss inside .
0	the worst .
0	absolute joke .
0	very condescending attitude in the office .
0	total - over $ _num_ !
0	`` this is bad . ''
0	moving onto the mac salad , this was a shame too .
0	the only good thing this time was the free refill on the drinks !
0	the california ( `` the cal '' ) caters to hawaiian clientele .
0	terrible service .
0	dry salmon , flavorless ramen , small portions .
0	but if you know the trick ... you can get your food fast .
0	do n't understand why people enjoy this restaurant so much .
0	we waited around _num_ minutes just to order our food around 11:30 am .
0	cheap food , but horrible .
0	do n't get the poke .
0	it also states that people should not sit until they have paid .
0	waste of my time !
0	beef teriyaki was a thin slide of a cheap steak and it was tough .
0	i spent more time on cutting it and chewing it than enjoying it .
0	and it was too watery .
0	i like it a bit more dry .
0	always try to stop by when i 'm in town .
0	no biggie .
0	i 've been waiting for my to go plate for like _num_ minutes !
0	in disappointment i took my meal and walked out of the casino .
0	the place was busy for lunch though .
0	i have no idea how it gets a _num_ star .
0	all the meat was fatty and not of good quality .
0	gross .
0	also , what restaurant does n't take credit cards .
0	its the 21st century get with the program , its called running a business .
0	idiots !
0	talk about false advertisement !
0	if you 're looking to order poke , look elsewhere .
0	i do n't get how this place has so many good reviews .
0	signage is very bad and you ca n't even see it .
0	reasonably priced for the portions you get .
0	thing is that ... the food is n't very good .
0	i 'd rather eat at l & l .
0	it almost like the noodle i can make at home or worse .
0	i am very unhappy with the food and how nasty it tasted .
0	anyway - some locals like to go the california to eat at aloha specialties .
0	al dente .
0	the prices here are reasonable , but the line was long .
0	thank you .
0	no kidding !
0	terrible service !
0	too much faith in the consistency of the dry cleaning business .
0	i 'm only writing for the hotel portion .
0	horrible .
0	no extra blankets or pillows .
0	did i mention the parking ?
0	we were told over the speaker that it was a false alarm .
0	the hotel -- finally -- is ( permanently ) closed .
0	the room itself was okay .
0	meanwhile , the manager looking fellow is just watching .
0	i 've never stayed here and rarely even drop a single coin here .
0	now , it 's become one of the worst places downtown .
0	horrid experience .
0	the workers there are very surly and not helpful at all .
0	the servers are rude .
0	so why am i still so mad ?
0	there is no hotel and one lousy restaurant .
0	there are no comps !
0	not to mention how bad the smoke is in there.
0	it 's just disgusting !
0	how the heck are you going to verify that i parked here anyway ?
0	stupid .
0	it 's super old school decor and smokey environment is a turn off .
0	i really wish i could leave a review with negative stars .
0	no free parking .
0	the staff is rude .
0	we passed by someone and i politely said , `` excuse me ? ''
0	ok casino , rude employees .
0	it 's the first time i barely tipped .
0	the hamburger was dry and generally not appealing .
0	unfortunately we wo n't be back .
0	well , i was done and walked away .
0	three the food is the absolute worst especially their barbecue .
0	they pay _num_ to _num_ on their blackjack games .
0	i hate _num_ to _num_ .
0	it 's just not right .
0	i 'm not sure if we 'll come back .
0	weeks later received a letter stating that i owed an additional $ _num_ .
0	negative stars .
0	every inch of this property is filthy , shady , and in poor repair .
0	i would n't recommend this establishment to anyone .
0	did n't expect much going into this place .
0	water was hot but there was a bug in the shower .
0	please do not waste your money here .
0	he was running around never said hi or anything .
0	this museum is such a disappointment .
0	it 's pretty harsh for me to give _num_ stars , but read on .
0	as a result , i have been to many children 's museums .
0	we have n't lost you yet and it 's been almost _num_ years .
0	i was like o.k this place should be pretty cool .
0	she says there is no one i can talk to with more authority .
0	she says there is no one i can talk to with more authority .
0	never again , even for free .
0	very sleazy joint .
0	do not stay here .
0	im sure there are better hotel rooms available few blocks down .
0	i wish there was a way to leave a _num_ star review .
0	worst pawn shop ever !
0	$ _num_ in my pocket and none for you .
0	i was pissed !
0	the guy at the front was a total jerk .
0	rude staff , careless vet .
0	the place was very cheap looking and run down .
0	i feel so terrible for taking my poor dog here !
0	i just do n't see getting that kind of ambiance at the bellagio .
0	ca n't say the same for the hotel staff .
0	i will watch out on these reviews just in case things get better .
0	here 's the problem i have , the service is terrible at lunch .
0	i know they are packed and have never sat down to eat .
0	then it goes downhill from there .
0	however , lately management is really not doing his job .
0	it is not an inexpensive restaurant .
0	so maybe we just ordered the wrong things .
0	let me preface this by saying i am not an overly picky eater .
0	avoid at all costs .
0	chicago joes blows !
0	food totally lacks in flavor .
0	a waste .
0	the waiter spent _num_ % of his time on the telephone .
0	the seafood was ok , but the broth was greasy and watery .
0	we will not be back !
0	i 've only been for lunch and everything is drenched in red sauce .
0	the atmosphere is about the only redeeming quality for chicago joe 's .
0	very disappointed for dinner .
0	i doubt i 'll come back .
0	i will not be returning .
0	the food is not good - not fresh & over priced .
0	chicago joe 's is a quaint little italian joint .
0	one star for the wine and the concept ... as for recommending this place ?
0	italian food is some of the cheapest food to make .
0	ambiance : chicago joe 's is basically in a converted old house .
0	the ladies bathroom does not have a handle on the inside .
0	and it tasted like my meatballs did ( bland ) .
0	i was very disappointed with chicago joe 's tonight .
0	i do not recommend eating here .
0	terrible .
0	this place is over priced & the food is terrible .
0	i have eaten here for _num_ years and never had a bad meal ever .
0	the sausage smelled bad .
0	i really doubt i go back again .
0	it 's unfortunate .
0	same with chicken parm .
0	if you order a glass of wine , do n't .
0	dinners came on over sized plates , great no room .
0	not good , not particularly bad either .
0	not for a family feast .
0	i mean , can we watch the news or at least nfl network ?
0	too much cheese on top of everything and salty .
0	the worst part ?
0	salsa in the cheese tamales was not that good .
0	i guess i will have to keep looking for better tasting tamales .
0	the prices were increased from last time , and my favorite soup was changed .
0	upon ordering the soup , you get a condiment tray .
0	i do n't know how this place got these reviews !
0	this place stinks really bad .
0	i 'm sorry ... but i will never return .
0	those sinks are for hand washing only .
0	i saw a busser bus tables then go cook on the line .
0	unfortunately , all four of us got sick after eating here .
0	clearly the place has gone downhill .
0	way too much butter .
0	we sure have n't had much luck finding a good mexican restaurant here .
0	the food was mediocre at best .
0	in a mexican restaraunt that makes killer tamales ... really ?
0	worst place i 've ever ate at in my life !
0	$ _num_ for two people & the food was complete shit .
0	just looking at his tamale made me want to throw up !
0	i would 've appreciated her honesty .
0	the broth tasted like watered down ramen soup before you put the seasoning in .
0	are we having a lime shortage again ?
0	no lime .
0	unfortunately nothing else left a great impression and we will not be returning .
0	very disappointed .
0	this was the worst experience ever !
0	there is no customer service at all .
0	the worst taco ever .
0	tamales were tasty and the rice tasted just like my moms .
0	customer service is terrible !
0	very disappointed !
0	sure enough she spent the whole night throwing up .
0	do not recommend .
0	worst mexican food place in las vegas for sure .
0	will not revisit .
0	otherwise the waitresses are lazy at their job .
0	very cold food .
0	the silverware looked to be dirty .
0	worst mexican food i 've ever tasted .
0	you 'll be disappointed .
0	low standards i guess .
0	waiter rude , horrible food .
0	i regret not walking out , it was just not good .
0	in order to get a credit i have to bring the wrong tamales back .
0	good food not great .
0	terrible service .
0	rude waitress .
0	not among the best mexican restaurants in town .
0	take out is not good .
0	all i could eat were the rice and beans .
0	whatever you do , do not get your food to go .
0	this is a really small shack on main street .
0	it is a tiny square dining room , with maybe _num_ people in it .
0	you 're choice of meet is ground beef , shredded beef and chicken .
0	there was no flavor and would be closely compared to a spicy marinara sauce .
0	the food , is far below fair .
0	the place was almost full so they must be doing something right .
0	very dry .
0	c'mon downtown vegas folks , you ca n't possibly like this place that much !
0	but way over priced with poor quality food .
0	i 'm new to the church and did n't realize how things work there .
0	i 'm not going back for sure .
0	you 'll get better service .
0	he did n't get around to coming back until the next day .
0	who 's responsible for this amateur unprofessional scheduling ... ... .
0	do not use this place .
0	then , when it comes in , someone will bring it out to us .
0	worst customer service , if i could mark zero stars i would .
0	terrible customer service .
0	unacceptable .
0	complete rip off !
0	if i could give a no star rating this company would get it !
0	i am going to use another company .
0	complete and utter rip-off .
0	lousy service unprofessional have no clue what they are doing .
0	this company was so bad that my warranty company no longer will use them .
0	this place is the original casino cafe in las vegas .
0	i would advise everyone to stay away from this place .
0	we had to wait until the next day to file a report with security .
0	if you like paper thin walls , then this is your place !
0	the shrimps are small and bland to the point of being almost tasteless .
0	finally , he asks me what i want to drink .
0	every morning , my room would fill with cigarette smoke from my neighbors .
0	there was no desk available in the room .
0	furthermore , it would not be .
0	it is also very noisy and you can hear everything on the street .
0	if you 're staying at the hotel , parking is free .
0	i would not recommend the standard room of this hotel .
0	take your money next door to the plaza .
0	do not stay in a regular room .
0	only highlight is at night outside this joint .
0	i would .
0	golden gate hotel wins worst hotel ever award !
0	bad idea to pick the golden gate hotel .
0	i made the mistake of looking up .
0	please do n't waste your time or money .
0	it 's not worth it .
0	it was only one , and i 'm a push over .
0	just charge it to your room .
0	maybe i can find a place downtown that does n't ' have cockroaches ?
0	the sleeping area is recently renovated and decent , but the bathroom is horrible .
0	tiny , dark shower with nowhere to put your shampoo , etc .
0	there 's no pool , no wifi , no spa , etc .
0	what , exactly , is the resort fee going towards ?
0	it 's literally _num_ feet from our window .
0	my fiance had to play maintenance guy and fix it so we could sleep .
0	you can not opt out .
0	you can not park there on weekends , you must valet on weekends .
0	so if that bothers you then you might not want to stay here .
0	on this stay we learned they are now charging a $ _num_ resort fee !
0	verdict : terrible !
0	the room was so tiny !
0	no place to put anything other than that tiny bar of soap !
0	i could barely turn around in the shower it was so small .
0	what really got me was the small room .
0	i will definitely not be back !
0	if i could give this place a zero i would !
0	please skip this hotel and go to circus circus or some other budget hotels .
0	this is the first and last time i 'm ever staying here .
0	someone compared it to a locker room shower in another review here .
0	i wish i could give this a - star rating .
0	a large person would not function with this set up .
0	_num_ % chance i 'll return .
0	unfortunately the security staff could be better .
0	terrible !
0	i would actually give them a negative star .
0	dear golden gate your security need to get that chip off their shoulder .
0	if i could give you zero stars i would .
0	this not being mentioned was part of the reason why we picked this hotel .
0	but i will not be staying at the golden gate hotel and casino again .
0	lazy bartenders .
0	i 've been coming here for _num_ years to eat .
0	casino actually nicer than i thought it would be .
0	check in is 3pm ( like anywhere else ) we arrive at 3pm .
0	i 'm sorry !
0	horrible service !
0	the room should have been cleaned by _num_ knowing more people are coming .
0	this hotel is the worst hotel i 've ever stayed .
0	trust me this is the worst hotel .
0	yes that is _num_ hours of very loud music and loud people !
0	not sure why at night there is very little hot water .
0	the room was straight out out of the _num_ 's .
0	first off , we stayed in a deluxe queen room on the 2nd floor .
0	that really rubbed me the wrong way .
0	wtf ever , i pay the _num_ extra .
0	nightmare , do n't stay there , never stay there .
0	horrible horrible run down hotel .
0	please do not stay here .
0	there where dead bugs !
0	disgusting .
0	she had just finished rudely yelling `` do n't touch the chips ! ''
0	bad experience .
0	this is anything but a resort .
0	none of the vending machines are stocked .
0	sign says western union .
0	sign says $ _num_ slices .
0	after all , this is the 5th barber shop she 's `` owned . ''
0	as long as the she devil is cutting , stay far away .
0	what a dump and even worse service .
0	save your time and do not go to this barber .
0	most of that time was just chatting , not actually working or doing anything .
0	just rude & unprofessional !
0	avoid at all costs !
0	here 's thing , there 's the good and the bad ... .
0	it just means there 's not much else around .
0	choices are limited downtown and this is one of the better eats .
0	it 's not the food that 's the issue but their plates .
0	it 's plastic and they do n't wash it very well .
0	it 's just plain unappetizing .
0	i do n't recommend coming here for breakfast .
0	i would not eat here again no matter how hungry i was .
0	working down the street , i used to be a regular .
0	do yourself a favor and avoid this place .
0	you will leave frustrated and unhappy with the food and the service .
0	terrible .
0	this place is a disgrace to call themselves a shelter .
0	this is a kill shelter ... please help get these babies out of here .
0	this place at first was upsetting .
0	do not trust this place !
0	i do not know how to feel about the animal foundation .
0	the cages they have them in are disgusting and the animals look miserable .
0	flash forward to saturday , i call to check his status .
0	he was put down monday .
0	if you start asking questions , you get very rude answers .
0	do not trust this place !
0	again , do not trust this place !
0	terrible !
0	that 's horrible !
0	( beware this post is long ) .
0	but she left after a couple of months .
0	this is where it starts going downhill , y'all .
0	and that is n't the end of it .
0	rude !
0	rude and shady .
0	i would not recommend this shelter for boarding or the care of your animal .
0	i should have gotten a hard clue from that .
0	the man who took her for the shots was rough taking her from us .
0	he was not helpful or kind .
0	i do not recommend this place for children events at all .
0	and pretty lame .
0	but it does n't .
0	but it has very little to do with local natural history .
0	$ _num_ per person ?
0	disappointed every time .
0	but sadly after this experience i do n't think i 'll be coming back .
0	sometimes its too loud to talk or hear anyone .
0	ive ate there a couple times & i would n't advise doing that either .
0	we one that we probably should have skipped .
0	too interested in the regulars sitting playing video poker .
0	but this leads me too the prices !
0	not good .
0	he said , `` probably , but why would you want to ? ''
0	the tourist rarely venture this far east downtown and for good reason .
0	yay for cheap liquor !
0	however , the other patrons were ridiculous .
0	the drinks are cheap .
0	it is two blocks east of 7th on fremont .
0	you do n't walk past 7th , you do n't look past 7th .
0	bad kids loud all day and night everyone smoking weed !
0	not a dive bar !
0	& it was free parking , thats hard to come around downtown .
0	cozy lil bar further down fremont street .
0	cocktails were too sweet or sour and i 'm not a big fan of .
0	worst bar downtown !
0	people are rude on the phone .
0	dive city !
0	it 's downtown , so you may not ever want to try this place .
0	you could n't pay me to stay here again .
0	wo n't be recommending this hotel or coming back here again !
0	probably just me though .
0	if i could give no stars i would .
0	the bed is really firm .
0	i ca n't complain too much because once again it was a cheap stay .
0	they r just a lie & no help !
0	bad hotel !
0	bad service !
0	bad people !
0	cheap is cheap but it 's not always good .
0	so she placed me in another room and boy that room is falling apart .
0	so _num_ extra hours plus the _num_ 1/2 to get there .
0	turns out , it was n't that bad .
0	no wonder no one likes riding the greyhound bus .
0	if can avoid taking this bus to travel i will .
0	for the most part , the passengers were quiet and just kept to themselves .
0	words can not describe their low quality buses and service .
0	it is as bad as they say in these reviews !
0	worst experience ever .
0	the new security guard company set up is a joke .
0	nonetheless , the reservation clerks were helpful and polite in getting me a ticket .
0	when we asked at the customer service they do n't give a fuck .
0	its your typical awful greyhound .
0	what a load of crap .
0	the most disrespectful , rude , arrogant people working there .
0	these people have no respect for themselves , their job or other people !
0	i will never buy a ticket from this place again !
0	horrible !
0	i can not express how disgusted i am .
0	very bad service .
0	then they told him bus is full so you ca n't go .
0	they did n't have any bus after _num_ pm .
0	no where to sit down , floor is dirty as f @ $ # !
0	_num_ ) there was a ton of traffic from lv to la .
0	can you imagine getting kicked off in the middle of nowhere at night ?
0	overall , i think i was pretty lucky this time .
0	nor is the wifi .
0	i tried hitting `` return '' to return my money , and guess what ?
0	no water for me but they will have my money anyways .
0	basically , greyhound sucks !
0	this is the worst experience i have ever had in my life .
0	i 'm supposed to be in pa in _num_ days and _num_ hours .
0	i 'm barely out of cali and it 's already been _num_ hours .
0	the employees communication skills are awful .
0	the staff on the desk are incompetent .
0	the line is a one hour wait just to get my baggage checked in .
0	bus driver is a character .
0	if you 're coming from vegas , do not ride here .
0	this place is horrible .
0	jose was horrible and is a poor excuse for a customer representative .
0	talk about a real bad time .
0	rude staff rude driver .
0	you all need major customer service training asap .
0	yah no thanks grumpy old man .
0	horrible experience !
0	staff members are rude and they do n't even try to solve problems .
0	also , few passengers are rude as hell too .
0	no such luck .
0	greyhound is the black hole of happiness .
0	i would give zero stars if the option existed .
0	very bad service .
0	then they told him bus is full so you ca n't go .
0	it 's cheaper , but not if they loose all your stuff .
0	what kind of establishment sells packaged drinks these days and has no coconut water ?
0	`` and , get rid of the fucking coconut water .
0	and cost $ _num_ .
0	bad neighborhood , thin mattresses .
0	they have the worst mattresses full of bed bugs .
0	cons : it 's cheap .
0	i live in hawaii , so of course i stayed at the cal .
0	were less than helpful .
0	the entire hotel smells like smoke !
0	it would only blow cold air .
0	your poor handling of the situation made it a big deal .
0	in my opinion , the california hotel falls into the latter category .
0	for me , its like this - there 's a stain on your carpet .
0	i just called to make a reservation and these people are usually friendly .
0	in a casino you are allowed to smoke cigarettes .
0	if there was a _num_ rating i would give it that .
0	trash on floor .
0	loud and smoky like most downtown casinos , except main street station next door .
0	first impressions count and the front desk staff are n't the friendliest .
0	the whole place is dirty and grimy much like the surrounding downtown area .
0	they charge _num_ per day per device !
0	this really sucks .
0	first time staying here and never will again .
0	so , it 's not possible to give less than one star ?
0	horrible customer service !
0	this is poor customer service !
0	she was also very condescending .
0	horrible !
0	maybe ask one of the _num_ filipino ladies to hold him for a minute ?
0	so ... let me get this straight .
0	the entire hotel reeks of cigarettes .
0	never again !
0	there 's not really anything to do at the hotel .
0	not enough slot machines , only old boring ones .
0	and if it gets windy good luck trying to sleep !
0	the only positive is that this hotel is relatively cheap .
0	very very rude !
0	no costumer service at all .
0	u are very lucky i did n't make u loose ur job !
0	a few hours later , i was as sick as i 've ever been .
0	one of the most uncomfortable experiences ever .
0	i did n't do much homework before going inside .
0	sorry i ca n't understand the game , i never played it .
0	prices are super cheap so , guess you get what you pay for .
0	the buffet here is not so great .
0	the price is cheap for one , but the food has no flavor .
0	drinks are bad .
0	stay here if your real cheap and dont mind lousy casinos .
0	she was very apologetic and asked if she could still help .
0	how could they actually give you a shrimp cocktail for $ _num_ ?
0	all in all , the eatery is meh .
0	it was a complete nightmare !
0	it 's centrally located to everything on fremont st and easy to access .
0	most of the are miserable , act miserable and look miserable .
0	there are maybe two that do look like they are not bitter tho .
0	i would definitely not recommend this casino to anyone looking to have fun .
0	meanwhile , breakfast time had ended and lunch started .
0	hallways are narrow and short so never a long walk from the elevator .
0	if i could , i would absolutely give them _num_ stars .
0	as for customer service they are very rude !
0	fremont hotel is not the place to stay in downtown las vegas .
0	we wo n't stay here again .
0	horrible !
0	then , he comes back 7am , hello .
0	no luck on the tables or slots either .
0	old room , small bathrooms and ugly decor .
0	the smoke in this place is sooooo thick .
0	the most rude staff i ever encountered somewhere .
0	only after begging they gave them .
0	it 's depressing .
0	no thanks .
0	only after begging they gave them .
0	so wrong on so many levels .
0	no attempt to make it right .
0	it really is pathetic .
0	i forgot how , what a horrible place this hotel is .
0	i do n't know how this hotel is still in business .
0	just terrible and gross .
0	plenty of other watering holes in vegas .
0	they serve oxtail soup late night ( after 11pm ? )
0	any vegas casino would appreciate my action .
0	i 'm recommending that none of my friends and family stay here .
0	never again ... .
0	do n't stay here .
0	showed them our reservation , check in was easy .
0	avoid this crap hole , i know i will .
0	the wifi is $ _num_ per device .
0	the housekeeping stole _num_ from my hard working father .
0	they told him they would investigate .
0	just eh .
0	customer service is trash there , never going again .
0	but the mediocre food could not make up for all of the above .
0	do not waste money or time .
0	ridiculous !
0	too expensive .
0	i will not go back .
0	this was too old-fashioned for me with mediocre food .
0	hopefully something did not chance permanently , we will try it one more time .
0	they ended up charging us _num_ dollars for the salad he ate beforehand .
0	however , i ca n't say that i completely agree .
0	you now only get _num_ .
0	_num_ minutes later , they bring our dishes .
0	all said we did not even come close to having half of the meal .
0	the manager is extremely rude and not at all accommodating .
0	lemon sorbet that is served between the salads and entrees .
0	service for bread and water
0	this was the most disappointing places we have ever been to .
0	we have been to many expensive steakhouses and this by far is the worst .
0	not worth the price .
0	i thank them for ruining my evening on fremont street .
0	the only reason that i gave them _num_ stars is because of the service .
0	this place is very over rated .
0	i ca n't believe how in the hell this is _num_ star establishment .
0	no big deal .
0	sub-par service and food .
0	very disappointed considering the choices we had in vegas .
0	my wife and i went there on saturday night before going to see o .
0	the whole night it felt like we were forgotten about was very disappointing .
0	do n't order a ny steak you will likely be disappointed .
0	i ate _num_ of the _num_ .
0	confused , i ask `` is that for us ? ''
0	after this glorious beginning it got worse .
0	there was a charge .
0	hugo 's cancelled my reservation after i had been there .
0	that is a problem that open table should fix in my view .
0	well , it 's been _num_ days .
0	i spent weeks deciding on where to eat to celebrate my cousin 's engagement .
0	nothing was seasoned at all so the meat itself tasted bland and dull .
0	the ingredients were cheap and pathetic .
0	repeat guest with a disappointing experience on jan _num_ .
0	neither is present anymore as the service was just ok .
0	no more hugo 's for us .
0	- the veal marsala was a little chewy , with unremarkable taste .
0	the great location and old-school vegas ambience are n't enough to carry this joint .
0	it 's not that big a hassle but definitely a little weird .
0	but , if you 're looking for the vegas strip - go there instead .
0	this place seriously needs a renovation .
0	go back and spend your time in the golden nugget , next door .
0	the hotel is n't fancy .
0	possibly food poisoning , i do n't know for sure .
0	never heard a bell ring a jackpot .
0	i suggest you do n't gamble here and i wo n't go back .
0	i was visiting as part of a college reunion .
0	because the secret is they lower prices at the last minute .
0	i will not be back though .
0	just got that worn out old school sleazy feeling to it .
0	so to go downtown and off the strip was going to be an adventure .
0	however , i will not recommend them to anyone until i go again myself .
0	fremont st experience or not .
0	even those _num_ table casinos in north las vegas have better rules than that !
0	and the ones that are not rude can not speak a word of english .
0	they do n't even hide the fact that they want you to lose .
0	it 's like eating cardboard .
0	nope ; no such luck .
0	absolutely the worst hotel i 've ever stayed in .
0	gross .
0	no `` clubs '' just bars in casinos .
0	that was so low class it was just the last straw .
0	old and old , o ya old .
0	did n't make sense .
0	would hate to see the older rooms .
0	they probably save money by hiring people that just got out of prison .
0	run for the hills .
0	nothing really at the _num_ queens that gets me going here .
0	fairly loose slots based on people i know .
0	but will stop by because i tend to use them for their parking .
0	not a cocktail waitress in sight .
0	ok ... i do n't need a drink to gamble .
0	no offer of any form of compensation for the trouble .
0	therefore no future business .
0	very very bad .
0	the room was dirty i just gave up .
0	it was clearly not cleaned .
0	pee , and curly black hairs all .
0	it was truly disgusting .
0	ugh .
0	he gave me a parking pass and said i didnt need the white one .
0	complete waste of time and $ $ .
0	i went for breakfast for steak and eggs and was very disappointed .
0	i 'd rather stay at the cal or main street though .
0	typical fremont old casino .
0	bad air ventilation ( smoky ! )
0	_num_ stars because there are worse casinos in vegas .
0	i 'm never staying at the hotel again !
0	it 's too old and not clean enough as a hotel should be .
0	very disappointed .
0	the casino is super dirty and smells horrible .
0	the bathroom was absolutely disgusting tonight .
0	so sad .
0	never going back !
0	it smelled like mildew and forget walking around without tennis shoes .
0	not enough outlets in the room .
0	so i stayed here for one night this past weekend .
0	put our bags down , that was all good .
0	no sign of bed bugs .
0	but oh wait i have no more cash .
0	super pissed i will never spend a penny here again .
0	the water server stated that it did not look tasty .
0	they will never get another penny from me .
0	once again , i do n't appreciated being treated like a dirt bag .
0	sad ... .
0	luckily , i only slept for about _num_ hours and got out of there .
0	well obviously that is not good enough !
0	needless to say after this experience i would never ever go back !
0	i have an idea adjust the thermostat in your room !
0	how the heck can we sleep with the music so loud !
0	a major disappointment , my first time to vegas .
0	the bathroom looked as if someone threw brown food or drink all over .
0	basic room , seriously no frills .
0	what the hell is that about ?
0	nothing hit between roulette , black jack , or slots .
0	all around bad .
0	i would never book this again .
0	i know this is an establishment but really ?
0	horrible stay .
0	worst customer service .
0	we left our bags with them and walked around vegas until _num_ .
0	i wish i could give a negative star .
0	hate this place !
0	# _num_ ... it 's not free !
0	musty and dark !
0	if you do n't mind getting bit by bed bugs , then go ahead .
0	spoke to the cleaning ladies and they said security had done nothing about it .
0	sorry to say this will probably be my last stay .
0	it should be a crime to consider this a _num_ star hotel .
0	you couldnt pay me to even step foot in this dump again .
0	one star is too generous .
0	wanting to play roulette i went to the table .
0	i 'm disappointed .
0	a bad first impression .
0	this hotel seems to be bad luck for me .
0	horrible service .
0	i was freaking out cuz i couldnt see and i told them this .
0	its so sad .
0	honestly could n't sit at the table long ... and still breathe .
0	no good view .
0	otherwise , disappointment is guaranteed .
0	however , there is no resort fee and is right on fremont st .
0	everything in this hotels needs to be remodeled .
0	the absolute worst hotel i have ever stayed at !
0	no fridge .
0	charges you _num_ minutes to print .
0	um , why ?
0	they deserve a gold star .
0	horrible experience all around .
0	bad idea .
0	if you stay here , do n't stay in the north tower .
0	worse place ever !
0	the room keys did n't work properly .
0	for the cost we could have stayed at the cortez for _num_ a night !
0	-the second time : when i returned around 11:30 pm .
0	the hotel and casino is very , very outdated .
0	my room was pretty stuffy and had a funky smell .
0	the maids started work around 9am every morning and were insanely loud .
0	i will not be coming back or recommending this place .
0	the smell of cigarettes is every where .
0	finally get our room key and get to our room .
0	clean room with decent beds but my god the room smelt of death !
0	this place is a rip off .
0	yes the 5th ave pub it is a true dive bar no questions asked .
0	weird atmosphere , very smoky , even dirty looking .
0	i have n't stayed here , nor do i recommend you do .
0	this is the only reason i like this place .
0	especially at 2am .
0	yea but will i gamble there hell no !
0	it 's outside to get to your room and in _num_ degrees that stinks .
0	this place is nasty !
0	the smell is so strange and not good !
0	room is ugly & the bed was extremely uncomfortable .
0	they stole my money .
0	everything is old , yet cheap here .
0	they are located above the casino , accessible only by a flight of stairs .
0	but not cheap enough to attract me back .
0	it 's just not enough , yet .
0	what a waste .
0	major disappointment .
0	there was some karaoke going on .
0	there was some alcohol promotion going on too .
0	management here is more concerned with policy than guest loyalty .
0	no one from hotel management bothered to check on us .
0	the staff rarely cleaned our `` upgraded '' room .
0	they are not getting away with this !
0	well , after last night i will never go there again .
0	do n't waste your time at this place .
0	rude .
0	stupid .
0	okay , no resort fees .
0	then upon checkout , they charge a $ _num_ resort fee for two nights .
0	i 've never had trouble with the battery just giving out for no reason .
0	i 've been here a million times and he is never cordial .
0	but they have lost me as a customer ... at least for gaming .
0	no poker room .
0	you can never really tell with hotel rooms though .
0	after we had gotten drunk , this became even more difficult .
0	it is a run down casino with old furniture inside the rooms .
0	i will not stay there again .
0	the hotel s terrible .
0	the shower was broken , the sink was dirty .
0	if not , then we probably wo n't .
0	not that bad you say ?
0	my friend in the floor above me ca n't visit me .
0	overall , it sucks to pay $ _num_ and be made to feel unwelcome .
0	are you freaking kidding me ?
0	they offered bottled water with the room for $ _num_ piece .
0	valet is completely rude .
0	to have guest in the room it 's $ _num_ a night per person .
0	never staying at this place again .
0	worst place i have ever stayed at .
0	staff does not seem to know policies .
0	i could not get past the smell in the casino .
0	i cant give this place less than _num_ .
0	the `` free '' parking advertised on the parking structure is not actually free .
0	this hotel is disgusting .
0	do you not realize that you work in a service industry ?
0	it 's ridiculous .
0	it 's was so ridiculous .
0	at this point it was becoming ridiculous .
0	plus the guy is throwing away my future business by being rude to me .
0	just laughable .
0	even though they are closer to my home , why would i return ?
0	so false advertising on all adds .
0	absolute worst experience of my life !
0	i wish i could leave a zero star feedback .
0	it was quite possibly the worst room i 've ever stayed in .
0	also , the sliding shower door was probably from the early _num_ 's .
0	trust me , it is not worth it !
0	the hotel is very old and could use a major upgrade all around .
0	there are tons of other hotels why go somewhere where you are not appreciated .
0	fail . )
0	rooms are run down , but not real bad .
0	that room should have been like _num_ dollars a night max .
0	is not as strong as before but it 's still there .
0	with all these improvements and the only entertainment is a piano player ?
0	also the waitresses should get new outfits .
0	the cabana suites are starting to get a little dirty .
0	i 'm so frustrated and disappointed with this hotel .
0	i 'm appalled at the service or lack there of .
0	i can not wait to go home .
0	prepared to wait there while you flush .
0	when gambling also be prepared to have no one ask if you want drinks .
0	they seem to be extremely understaffed in that department .
0	old , dingy and not in the center of downtown vegas is this casino .
0	not me .
0	at this point we still did n't have our salads .
0	about _num_ minutes later he brings to salads to them and nothing for us .
0	still no salads .
0	to put it simply , do n't stay here .
0	our stay started off horrible from the get go .
0	service was n't good and room were less then .
0	you will most likely get a room that does not have elevator access .
0	we finally get our key and head over to our suite .
0	the cabana suites are more expensive then the regular rooms .
0	i am sad to say that is probably our last time staying there .
0	this place is not safe , and i doubt security cares at all .
0	wrong again .
0	he then says , ok _num_ dollars for deposit and _num_ for resort fee .
0	this is just poor poor absolute horrible customer service .
0	horrible customer service and dumb rules .
0	the cocktail servers are zombie like .
0	too bad for this place because i like old vintage vegas casinos .
0	guess that 's why there was hardly anyone in there on friday night .
0	if only you can get the ribs without anything else .
0	avoid this place unless you have no choice .
0	i am not going to eat there again .
0	not for me .
0	i ordered the st. louis ribs full slab with fries .
0	it is a restaurant chain located inside a casino in downtown las vegas .
0	only eat ribs here .
0	the only good point is ... its cheap .
0	glad i did n't pay for my meal here .
0	our server was older and so so so rude .
0	if it sounds too good too be true , it probably is .
0	staff were just short of rude .
0	oh , heaven 's no .
0	but i guess you get for what you pay !
0	so do n't waste your money on the special !
0	_num_ for prime rib and lobster ?
0	i guess it 's true , you get what you pay for .
0	avoid at all costs , even though they appear to be low .
0	fries were standard , nothing special .
0	if i could have given it `` _num_ '' stars i would have .
0	it is horrible !
0	if there was an option to give negative stars i would .
0	my wife always gets the same thing ... potato skins and mozzarella sticks .
0	ribs are over priced and taste horrid .
0	i mean , how do you screw up fries !
0	the steak had no flavor and was dry .
0	worst food , worst service .
0	in my opinion , this place needs to be shut down .
0	this was the worst dinner ever !
0	the food was awful .
0	that was returned to get the same thing .
0	the waiter then asks how every thing is .
0	their business page on yelp said they close at _num_ pm .
0	umm wtf kind of crap is that ?
0	you close at _num_ , not _num_ !
0	why not sit us there ?
0	one of the worst places i have eaten at .
0	a fair warning , do not eat this tony roma 's .
0	disgusting !
0	in summary , tony roma 's is a below average overpriced restaurant .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	but the meat quality is below average .
0	this dining experience was horrible !
0	our server was rude and she clearly is in the wrong job .
0	avoid this place like the plague .
0	the food and service just is n't there anymore .
0	so i win but never again will i set foot in this joint .
0	it is a dump in a dumpy place .
0	if you expect food good you will be disappointed .
0	it was so loud you could barely hear anyone talk .
0	overall not good .
0	yea we may come back if we drunk enough .
0	btw i 'm a local server for over _num_ years ... .
0	it hurt me ... its on my mind .
0	30th .
0	lobster tail left something to be desired !
0	very crowded , standard corporate tasting meals .
0	the fried onion - does n't hold a candle to outback - bland !
0	if only there was a zero star rating !
0	i think it has gotten worse .
0	i ordered the sirloin steak ; garlic mashed ; and corn on the cob .
0	wo n't go back here again .
0	the waiter had no interest in serving us and probably just wanted my money .
0	left him $ _num_ tip .
0	umm , i can make myself a better steak dinner at home .
0	no prime rib tonight . ''
0	do n't eat here if your looking for a decent steak .
0	even at _num_ for steak and lobster , it was n't worth it .
0	so sketchy !
0	that freaked me out that they are just holding all that food !
0	very annoying .
0	the mixed vegetables appeared to be out of a can .
0	even though the price is low , the special is totally not worth it .
0	we will not be going back .
0	she clearly could have cared less about our business .
0	they deserve no stars !
0	so i ordered , and low and behold .
0	terrible experience .
0	the meal took _num_ minutes to arrive , sans oj .
0	i would never go back .
0	no late night specials .
0	how the mighty have fallen .
0	this was once the reliable place that one would visit in old downtown .
0	the nugget is the vegas capitol of zombie employees .
0	so we wait .
0	it was n't a holiday , just a friday .
0	another _num_ minutes of walking later i finally get to my room .
0	thankfully , they let me stay in there this time .
0	a big mistake .
0	i did n't even bother asking at that point .
0	this casino really sucks .
0	the rooms themselves were ok , like holiday inn ok .
0	i hate this place .
0	do n't stay here .
0	fault also lies with the hotel .
0	not so cool .
0	but do n't expect it to be nice , the double tree is nicer .
0	everybody else sucked !
0	serious drag .
0	downtown las vegas is gross and filthy as it is .
0	this just looks so ghetto .
0	i should n't have to deal with stuff while on vacation .
0	so much noise .
0	for $ _num_ more they would guarantee we would have a non-smoking room .
0	she gave me a hard time about it and asked me again .
0	i am not one to rant and rave about issues .
0	* i called the front desk to ask for pick-up service for dry cleaning .
0	* like some third world country , wireless is not considered a basic service .
0	besides poor customer service , the place really is n't that bad .
0	you can bet $ _num_ a hand for _num_ hours and you get nothing !
0	this place was horrible .
0	ugh .
0	worst hotel stay in my life !
0	`` sir would you like me to move you to another room ?
0	i will never return to this dump !
0	i have no idea how this hotel has anything above a _num_ star review .
0	no fridge , no complimentary coffee , no wi-fi ... .
0	rush tower seemed nicer .
0	wo n't be back to find out .
0	you are better off staying at the worst hotel on the strip than here .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	downtown is trashy , noisy , dirty .
0	pretty lame , in this day and age .
0	why they had the closet in the bathroom i still could n't figure out .
0	then when you opened the closet doors they would n't stay open .
0	not even a smile did we get .
0	then after walking all the way to our tower the keys do n't work !
0	they charge ten dollars to make coffee in your room .
0	stayed off the strip and paid for it , through the nose !
0	will never make that mistake again !
0	we returned to our room with new keys which of course did n't work .
0	_num_ minutes later we called the front desk from our cell .
0	wifi is _num_ ... .
0	would pick the fremont experience over the strip any day .
0	my girlfriend was a wreck , and could n't stop crying .
0	they could only give us a $ _num_ discount for the extra day .
0	casino only review : i 'm not really a fan of the golden nugget .
0	compared to other properties on fremont the golden nugget just feels off to me .
0	well this place is horrible because its run down by kids everywhere !
0	i really have no complaints about my actual stay there .
0	it just does n't even make sense and is just bad business .
0	she then said , `` well , whoever booked this online booked two nights .
0	i wish i could give this hotel no stars .
0	watch your credit card if you decide to give them any of your information .
0	it 's not attached to my reservation .
0	it does not exist to them and they can do nothing for me .
0	but it gets worse .
0	but getting us a new room was a very low priority .
0	i simply think the _num_ star rating of this hotel is a fraud .
0	it is less quality than circus circus and much more expensive .
0	during that time my jewelry box was stolen .
0	security should have been better !
0	not even a word of apology from the casino .
0	took _num_ hours and food was cold .
0	i am so disgusted with this place .
0	unbelievable .
0	is n't this a casino hotel where guests sleep in ?
0	does this seem fair ?
0	it 's not even check out time.
0	but the desserts , which look great , are awful .
0	the apple cobbler is way too sweet and like wallpaper paste .
0	i 'm not impressed at all .
0	poor poor poor customer service .
0	not enough table games for anyone into those .
0	will not return to this hotel .
0	we could n't figure it out until we smelled the towels and sheets .
0	probably not .
0	probably not too many .
0	you feel you need to be the first to put in a fee ?
0	smelly crab legs , and overall quality had gone downhill .
0	i arrive to this place , confused trying to figure out where to park .
0	me : `` no .
0	where did they think they were taking our bags ?
0	the buffet restaurant is really nasty .
0	will not stay at this ever again .
0	still our hotel and casino of choice .
0	i would never stay at this hotel again .
0	in room water : $ _num_ , in room coffee $ _num_ .
0	we were disappointed as we had planned to spend the day by the pool .
0	like i sad , a dump , and an absolutely insulting experience .
0	i started yelling as my son did the same .
0	very poor service !
0	there was no excitement in the atmosphere , and everyone just seemed pissed off .
0	not a good sign for the overall odds .
0	they told me i am not allowed to use it .
0	i was sadly disappointed .
0	we made the mistake of staying here for my daughter 's 21st birthday .
0	wo n't be staying here again .
0	absolutely , the worst i 've encountered in a hotel .
0	this place does not deserve _num_ 1/2 stars !
0	first off , the double beds are not adequate for two people .
0	i will not be staying here again !
0	the casino itself is kind of gross .
0	outside is the old las vegas which also is n't all that fun .
0	it 's terrible .
0	would not stay here again .
0	check-out , i tell the guy behind the counter .
0	what a complete disappointment .
0	the only thing nice at this hotel is the pool .
0	take my advice stay somewhere else anywhere would be better .
0	no wonder i could n't find any photos of their suites .
0	i guess this is why people do n't stay in downtown las vegas .
0	what a disappointment .
0	the buffet was pretty nasty , although the pasta man was super nice .
0	unfortunately this is a theme throughout the entire casino staff .
0	the service was lacking from check-in .
0	following the ceremony , we went for a drink in the lobby .
0	second of all , the check-in girl was so rude .
0	there was no parking even for hotel guests .
0	if it wasnt for the pool i might have burned to death .
0	i made the mistake of going on the 4th of july .
0	i will not be staying there again unless it was free !
0	if i 'm forced to stay downtown , i would stay here .
0	they are actually fake cameras .
0	out , their slot machines do n't pay nothing , absolutely nothing .
0	and they do n't take reservations .
0	month ahead of time .
0	our rooms smelled really bad .
0	so far not looking good .
0	not worth _num_ star so far .
0	my experience is never consistent .
0	i had _num_ different bites all over my body and my friend had _num_ !
0	customer service is lacking in some areas .
0	the golden nugget was the only business that did not treat us well .
0	the tower you book your room is where you checkin .
0	sure the lady said for $ _num_ a person .
0	most of the staff was not very friendly .
0	never saying they are only splitting the second night !
0	no call .
0	never once did richard from the risk dept .
0	avoid this place like the plague !
0	no shit it should be free , they already messed up my original reservation .
0	so wait , did they not clean it before ?
0	the hotel staff were not very welcoming or helpful .
0	the service over my stays have always been inconsistent .
0	it would rate a _num_ .
0	horrible attitude , minimal staffing , no management who knows better .
0	do not expect much , and you will not be disappointed .
0	we have stayed here _num_ times in the last _num_ months .
0	terrible customer service .
0	the concierge was taking forever with this guy that had no reservations .
0	shark tank is cool but the crowds are not .
0	had a so-so experience here .
0	got sick eating at claim jumper in the casino .
0	the only cool thing was the pool .
0	the man at the front desk gave me incorrect information multiple times .
0	gold towers upgraded $ _num_ worst upgrade ever .
0	they did n't care .
0	groupon rocks but golden nugget stinks !
0	now i have four tired kids and an annoyed husband and i was pissed .
0	first , the beds were too high .
0	she does n't even have a big chair .
0	it 's not a place i would 've picked myself .
0	ugh .
0	but of course , you would only know if you could see the sign .
0	i have been coming here for _num_ years and am very disappointed .
0	check in was fine except she checked me in under the wrong name .
0	guess we will not be sleeping much .
0	i had stayed with them three times previously , but no more .
0	was thirty minutes late and they sold my room ?
0	worst customer service i 've ever experienced .
0	where to begin ?
0	there was no room and i would have to self park .
0	there is no complimentary coffee offered in the room either !
0	i 've stayed here before , but it appears their standards have dropped .
0	they do not have enough parking in the valet or self parking .
0	only thing i would praise them on is their pool .
0	i would give them zero stars .
0	terrible customer service !
0	this is when our horrible weekend began .
0	just waiting for a resolution so i guess i 'll write more later .
0	finally _num_ mins into my massage i ca n't take it .
0	at that time they required my credit card , big mistake !
0	reviewed my credit statement later and was billed for $ _num_ .
0	that 's nice , cause i 've never eaten there in my life !
0	instead the check out agent told me that it does n't work that way .
0	really was n't impressed .
0	no refrigerator in room you can rent one for $ _num_ a day .
0	when they came in it was basically thrown at me .
0	( we paid _num_ dollars extra for that ) the room was beautiful !
0	half an hour later , hubby calls again , not in a good mood .
0	very sleazy business practices .
0	i asked to have this removed and they refused .
0	she said that they do not refund the $ _num_ resort fee .
0	it ca n't move .
0	the only offer bottle beers , no drafts = no value .
0	and there 's no where else to sit !
0	their pool areas are more spacious and luxurious .
0	i would not stay here again .
0	the bathtub looked like it had n't been cleaned .
0	the coffee in the room costs _num_ for _num_ packets .
0	f this place .
0	i work at caesars palace and we would never do this to customers .
0	not worth a second visit .
0	this place also has the nerve to charge for there slow internet .
0	what stupid person would pay for that coffee when star bucks down stairs .
0	lastly their pool is not great and often over crowded .
0	i have n't even stayed yet , and i am already disappointed .
0	i still have not received a response after my second e-mail .
0	my boss was was placed in a handicap smoking room .
0	total nightmare .
0	jen at the front desk is terrible .
0	if you do not like your job quit .
0	hell , i started off with a hundred !
0	i 'm still here and i ca n't wait to checkout tomorrow !
0	what a disappointment you are .
0	the golden nugget has _num_ star rooms and _num_ star service .
0	such a bummer because this was my favorite vegas hotel .
0	golden gate is my go to place for fremont street .
0	this is where i had the worst service in my life .
0	if you like being treated like garbage stay here .
0	nobody else in her office would assist us .
0	in short do not recommend the golden nugget for your special event .
0	parking structure : one elevator worked , and one was broken .
0	no a/c either in the elevators .
0	again , this was unacceptable .
0	pool is cool but annoying with lots of kids .
0	i recently stayed at the golden nugget for _num_ nights .
0	also this was n't a unique experience .
0	room change update .
0	i would not recommend this place for a family .
0	remember that valet parking is free just tip them on your way out .
0	the pool area sucks .
0	do n't offer anything for this inconvenience .
0	this hotel would be a lot better if it had working elevators .
0	the coffee and water in your room are not complimentary .
0	so the fremont street experience is not exactly family friendly .
0	not too happy .
0	unfortunately their managers are awful , rude and with poor table side manner .
0	first of all , the parking is ridiculous .
0	it 's approximately _num_ block away and packed with vehicles .
0	that does n't include the wait standing in line to check in .
0	we could have stayed somewhere else on fremont street for less !
0	i will not be returning .
0	the club is the worst club ever .
0	if i could give it negative stars i would .
0	stench .
0	it is not .
0	it took _num_ minutes just to get to the front of the line .
0	however , good luck on trying to get a comped room .
0	no sense of urgency or recovery of any kind !
0	then we come back and the door is not working .
0	this hotel , however , is a disorganized mess .
0	worst sports book in vegas .
0	there is very limited seating .
0	the management asks you to leave if you 're not a hotel guest .
0	the pool area has _num_ people fighting for _num_ chairs .
0	ugh .
0	it was my husbands birthday so we went to the italian restaurant for dinner .
0	downtown vegas is a sleazy rundown dump .
0	and they basically just shrugged their shoulders ... horrible will never go back there !
0	terrible .
0	somebody could have been hiding in either of the rooms .
0	do n't think that i will stay there again .
0	not impressed .
0	this place is horrible !
0	bad signage and the rooms smell .
0	never stay here again .
0	i do not understand why this hotel has the reviews it has .
0	disappointing .
0	but really , we will not be doing it again .
0	i play the slots and poker but never here .
0	not for locals .
0	ps long wait for the poker room as well .
0	worst experience of my life .
0	ridiculous .
0	the room was nice , pillows are god awful too soft .
0	extremely small room with a view of the side of another building up close .
0	the service here is terrible , booked a room at rush tower .
0	that is terrible all i hear is the band outside .
0	first issue is the check in lines take forever .
0	second issue , the internet is just awful and so slow .
0	the tv channels they offer you are very limited as well .
0	it was a non-smoking suite , yet the pillows smelled of cigars .
0	probably the worst area of the hotel if you have kids .
0	our room practically shook all weekend from the constant music until _num_ am .
0	the only silver lining was the starbucks in the lobby .
0	in my opinion , certainly not worth the money for what you get .
0	there are much better options closer to the strip for comparable rates .
0	in short the cleaning and maintenance was lousy .
0	i did the fast check out on the tv with no problem .
0	will not be staying here again .
0	gross .
0	i know they tried to upgrade rooms but not so great .
0	also it smells like cigarettes ugh .
0	do n't plan on getting any sleep .
0	the manager of the hotel is a absolute joke !
0	got the room thru priceline which was 1st mistake .
0	it happened after we went to sleep , while we were in the room .
0	so disappointed , i would never have so little empathy for anyone .
0	sleeping is a nightmare !
0	very disappointed .
0	i booked a room in the rush towers .
0	not an exaggeration .
0	i called front desk and they sent security to the room .
0	he filled out a report and gave me the case number .
0	staying at the carson tower is great and cheap .
0	go through it quickly and go back to watching my bf .
0	regret tipping her still .
0	how tacky .
0	they were extremely rude about it .
0	the waitresses do n't walk by to serve drinks even if you 're gambling .
0	$ _num_ a piece a day !
0	everything about the golden nugget is a money grab .
0	the restaurants are expensive and the machines are tight .
0	she just grabbed the money without even looking at us .
0	horrible .
0	all in all , a very mediocre experience .
0	i called the front desk _num_ times to inquire and got no answer .
0	i went down and they told me the bag was on its way .
0	went down to the desk again to request check out and move hotels .
0	the buffet food is horrible .
0	i do not recommend anyone ever stay at this terribly ran establishment .
0	negative stars ... will never come back .
0	this place has gone downhill .
0	the same cart from room service sat in the hallway for _num_ days .
0	i kind of feel bad for their employees .
0	when we got there , the lady at the desk was very rude .
0	horrible .
0	such bad treatment of paying patrons !
0	if you are too cold then they say too bad tough it .
0	avoid if you want to have a relaxing time in vegas .
0	she said but it 's not showing !
0	not my fault !
0	why am i still receiving emails ?
0	the yard drinks were very nice none the less .
0	however another guy nearby was n't going to tip , apparently .
0	poor service playing slot and could not get a drink .
0	will not mention names but i know who you are .
0	so gross .
0	wo n't be back .
0	ill never step foot in there again .
0	as far as pawn shop shows go i suppose .
0	meh , as jessica would say .
0	it 's a crappy tourist trap now .
0	other than jewelry , there wasnt much inventory to speak of .
0	by far the biggest disappointment of our trip to vegas .
0	in reality , five minutes was probably about all we needed anyway .
0	we were terribly disappointed at the size of the shop .
0	waste of time !
0	most of it is not cleaned up and in dull looking shape .
0	went late at night and was not crowded at all .
0	a & e choose this % # it hole !
0	like i really want to advertise for your show .
0	go there just once , then , do n't look back .
0	none of the people from the show were there as i expected .
0	you 're not going to see anyone from the show there .
0	too sad .
0	do n't bother bringing any business to this store .
0	i have never been talked to like that before in my life .
0	i am def no longer a fan because of my experience just calling them .
0	i guess being rude to customers is how they do it .
0	love the show , but the store sucks .
0	they have a whole bunch of crappy overpriced items .
0	would not waste my time going there .
0	as a pawn shop its pretty boring .
0	just a pawn shop with expensive stuff .
0	as a big fan of the show , i was really disappointed .
0	at that point i was done and just left , disappointed and somewhat disgusted .
0	the outside is also nothing like it is in the show .
0	i did not see anyone buying much but complaining about prices .
0	there was no freakin way i was waiting in that line .
0	seriously it must take up _num_ % of the store .
0	what a total waste of time .
0	you wo n't see anybody on the show here either .
0	like a few other people mentioned , there really is n't much for sale .
0	otherwise it looks just like any other pawn shop place anywhere else .
0	about halfway down towards the back are mostly pawn shop souvenirs .
0	only the pawn shop section is open _num_ hours .
0	do n't get too excited .
0	i live here so that 's why i gave them _num_ stars .
0	so , we walked to the stratosphere casino & hotel to stop for drinks .
0	we walk in and i was gathering a couple of souvenirs .
0	the main characters of the show are not there .
0	it is a small shop with about _num_ employees .
0	sorry , but do n't waste your time .
0	it was n't even crowded yet !
0	a total disappointment .
0	we are n't watching their show anymore .
0	read his review and pretend i said the exact same thing .
0	the stars of the show wo n't even come say hi to anyone .
0	you really , really do n't .
0	well , it took _num_ minutes but we made it inside .
0	lame .
0	it 's , uh , it sure is ... small in here .
0	it does not .
0	when the sign outside gold and silver pawn says `` open _num_ hours '' ?
0	if i could give this place negative stars , i would .
0	the line was really long and the shop was disappointing .
0	what a disappointment .
0	do not waste your time and taxi money to come here !
0	it 's not .
0	wo n't go back and would n't recommend .
0	otherwise , it was a super disappointment .
0	i 'll remain a fan of the show but this was a let down .
0	`` , however .
0	lots of parking , but be prepared to wait in line !
0	the shop is your average pawn shop a bit dingy and old looking .
0	as other posters noted , the store is actually not that big .
0	plus , it is a complete side show outside .
0	you will not see anyone from the show .
0	it has now been _num_ weeks since we 've been home .
0	i 'll find someplace else for my vegas memorabilia .
0	_num_ % of the store is now merchandise with their faces on it .
0	so why does this place get _num_ stars ?
0	but other than a _num_ minute look you should be ready to leave .
0	my wife was in vegas last week for a conference .
0	she was sad ; ( .
0	it seems that all this place is now is a tourist trap .
0	small and cramped nothing like what it looks like on tv .
0	my jaw dropped ... ... not in a good way .
0	last year very disappointing .
0	the shop is small and unimpressive .
0	i 'm glad i did n't wait in line to see this place .
0	_num_ . )
0	_num_ . )
0	* reality shows are created every day .
0	jewelry collection is small and not to interesting .
0	pawn stars rip off artists !
0	this pawn shop is very small , tv makes it look bigger .
0	i would n't go back expecting to actually see them working the floor .
0	a definite waste of valuable vegas time .
0	it really was a let down .
0	plus some of the items were hard to really see .
0	but not really alot .
0	the store itself is small and has a very unwelcoming feel to it .
0	we drove up and i could not believe the line to get in .
0	none of the stars were there and it looks different than on the show .
0	we just got back from vegas , and visiting this pawn shop .
0	i asked a clerk what i could buy for $ _num_ .
0	not much of a fan to begin with .
0	more than half the stuff they sell is souvenirs ( junk ) .
0	the other half is over priced as far as i 'm concerned .
0	_num_ % tourist trap .
0	absolutely ridiculous .
0	joked with him about having the same shirt .
0	so i left .
0	wo n't ever be going back .
0	the place looks ok on the show but is a pit on the outside .
0	i was really disappointed .
0	the immediate area is sleazy , so do n't go wandering off somewhere .
0	i guess i had more than i thought to get off my chest .
0	i was amazed by the overpriced junk that was in the shop .
0	_num_ % of the stuff i would n't want if it was free .
0	i would not come back here again .
0	gold and silver pawn shop which is the tv show home of pawn stars .
0	long and you have no room to walk in the store .
0	what a disappointment .
0	none of the tv actors are even there .
0	horrible .
0	what i saw was a long narrow room .
0	mostly jewelry coins etc .
0	never going back .
0	dont be stupid and do your research .
0	i do n't see how this is a business .
0	skip it as a tourist attraction and pawn shop .
0	the on line cost was $ _num_ .
0	then he said it was a print , and not the real map .
0	kinda disappointing .
0	of course , none of the stars were there .
0	way way way overrated and crazy stupid prices .
0	not even two weeks later four of the smaller diamonds have fallen out .
0	visited back in march .
0	not much to see .
0	counter people were friendly but their merchandise is limited and way over priced .
0	glad i went to visit but i wo n't be back !
0	the course to get there is a little awkward .
0	$ _num_ for a tube ?
0	not worth the time and money for all this .
0	obviously i was not pleased with the outcome .
0	first of all , paying to park is outdated , if you ask me .
0	paid for parking but could not locate a handicap spot .
0	will not return regardless of the venue .
0	not attentive at all .
0	the amount of cheese and grease .
0	however , they have other things on the menu i 'm going to try .
0	waiting for a cold pizza !
0	much less a bad cold pizza !
0	i did not get what i wanted .
0	my wallet is sad now .
0	trust me , it 's not the same .
0	it was in some kind of bland creamy sauce which garlic had never met .
0	did n't try any others but as far as presentation - very lacking .
0	perhaps they are making cuts in the quality of their ingredients .
0	i do n't know if the lunch or dinner is any better .
0	it 's just a regular buffet nothing special !
0	i do n't really know how to review this place .
0	if you like the above mentioned seafood items then have at it .
0	it 's only $ _num_ .
0	i could barely drink it .
0	the orange juice was almost as bad .
0	there was nothing fresh on the premises .
0	very depressing place - food , decor and clientele .
0	nasty to the core .
0	steak was horrible .
0	all other foods were ok ( meh ) .
0	i am no longer eating there again !
0	i made sure to not have any dessert .
0	there is absolutely no taste .
0	are fresh tomatoes too costly ?
0	your apple pie has no apples , all syrup filling .
0	chicken , ribs , most meat dishes are tough and dry .
0	we will never go to the main street station garden court buffet again .
0	there were enough chefs standing around .
0	absolutely mediocre .
0	fatty beef , dry chicken , bad bleu cheese .
0	i will not be back .
0	mediocre buffet .
0	is it horrible .
0	never coming back to this place .
0	this experience started off promising .
0	by 5:30 pm , a line to the cashier had developed .
0	no way !
0	why did it taste like can pasta ?
0	horrible .
0	not winning tonight .
0	the food is really bad and the selection limited .
0	do n't waste your time or your money .
0	the corn was soggy and the brisket was all fat !
0	the pancakes with strawberry and maple syrup was probably my favorite thing .
0	one of my favorites is the oxtail stew which was at least _num_ stars .
0	gross .
0	i had dinner here tonight .
0	the food on the other hand was horrible .
0	the best thing i tried was the kalua pig and probably the salad .
0	overall : i could n't eat here again .
0	i could n't go back even if dinner was a dollar .
0	my _num_ year old would n't even eat the food .
0	very cheap lunch buffet .
0	food is poor and cheap .
0	hardly ate anything that was worth mentioning .
0	came from lunch , spent $ _num_ and will not return .
0	if there was a way to give this place a negative _num_ i would .
0	worst tasting food in my life , not exaggerating .
0	worst dessert !
0	i would have rather ate a fast food place .
0	what a mess .
0	only when your not wanting to spend a lot of money on a buffet .
0	not worth the wait .
0	food served here is usually really salty .
0	trust me you do n't want to waste your comps here .
0	the taco meat was sitting in a pool of grease three inches deep .
0	i 'm never going to come back !
0	tonight : nada .
0	whenever i come to town i always come here , guess no more .
0	had great service do n't get me wrong .
0	poor customer service !
0	many of our group were not happy .
0	they should have people use the bathroom before the hour long tour even starts .
0	very disappointed .
0	i do n't understand why they would n't let more people walk thru .
0	if your tour at night you will have a difficult time getting pictures .
0	do n't waste your $ $ $ .
0	i chose to visit at night .
0	you do n't have to visit this museum .
0	waste of time .
0	i am very disappointed !
0	wrong .
0	so be prepared to leave those in the car .
0	i have never been so disappointed .
0	well , out of all the signs only _num_ worked .
0	not a fan of her 's or the museum overall .
0	would n't even accommodate for a discount to come back or let us reschedule .
0	it 's not like we were out there for an hour and did this .
0	hell no .
0	horrible customer service .
0	worst experience ever !
0	no refunds !
0	the tour is so boring .
0	on april _num_ , _num_ .
0	however , i will not be going again .
0	so bummed and disappointed !
0	the worst customer service .
0	she is n't thankful for anyone giving her their business !
0	a very disappointed customer from hawaii ... !
0	she does not smile or give you a `` thank you ! ''
0	the prices are fair , but the place is getting old .
0	that stupid , rude , obnoxious waiter made my mom cry !
0	the place is small and the dealers are pretty rude .
0	place looks worn .
0	would i go back , probably not .
0	i ca n't believe i stayed here .
0	they need an update badly !
0	no thanks .
0	it 's just not possible .
0	i did n't stay here , but we did eat at the cafe .
0	it is crowded and hot and loud and a drunk group of travelers .
0	tv looked about _num_ years old and had limited channels to watch .
0	apparently they buy it [ like from goodwill ? ]
0	i 'm a vintage store snob and i was totally unimpressed with this one .
0	_num_ stars for vintage shop .
0	nothing struck my fancy .
0	just avoid this place like the plague .
0	the holes are very narrow , and most of them were short .
0	unfortunately this is the norm , not an exception .
0	bring your cc as the ball dispenser accepts no cash .
0	do n't think i will be recommending this place or running back soon .
0	also , i think there prices are a bit inflated .
0	well , monday rolls around and i do n't get a response .
0	worst experience ever .
0	i dropped off with no problems .
0	second , paid to have front brake pads replaced .
0	i called back two hours later and it still was not ready .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	that 's why it was my last time at team ford .
0	they have lost mine and my family 's business .
0	just do some research , i will never go to a dealer again .
0	completely worthless with incompetent sales staff !
0	i told them no way in hell will they see that paperwork from me .
0	no more leak .
0	the total charge ?
0	overall ... fuck this place .
0	my question to them is what the hell do they actually inspect ?
0	both of these issues could be easily spotted by the most inexperienced mechanic .
0	are you even checking the tire wear when rotating tires ?
0	thought checking brakes is part of the _num_ point inspection ?
0	car engine light came on as we were leaving the lot .
0	still going through hell with this !
0	_num_ days and still no car back .
0	what a horrible ordeal !
0	a complete waste of money .
0	$ _num_ and possibly $ _num_ per hour for labor .
0	steer clear of this place , it 's a joke .
0	they do n't want anyone who knows anything about vehicles .
0	nothing is getting solved .
0	sometimes the vehicles fail the dealership ... .
0	they had my car three days and could n't find it .
0	( _num_ miles ?
0	do n't trust the service team .
0	ford quoted $ 1,000 to fix .
0	these guys are the typical sleazy car salesmen .
0	avoid this place like the plague .
0	i walk back into the dealership and then wait around .
0	ridiculous and dishonest !
0	this place is only good for people who ca n't afford insurance .
0	awful awful awful !
0	made me wait two hours and were nothing but rude the entire time .
0	i told him no that i wanted the original vehicle that i had reserved .
0	he again told me that he could n't do that .
0	they are a scam they are charging _num_ for direct deposit to an account .
0	why would i go back when they were so rude ?
0	she replied , `` he does n't do primary care . ''
0	not a great way to build a practice .
0	_num_ was not going to cut it .
0	the layout of the building was also a bit confusing at first .
0	uh .
0	not worth saving money for the discomfort or inconvenience .
0	no room service at all either !
0	we probably would not stay here again .
0	i rarely eat beef , but when i do , i like good beef .
0	stay somewhere else in vegas , come to sam 's town for the buffet .
0	the buffet was terrible .
0	even for _num_ the food was terrible .
0	as per the comment from the own below .
0	just who the hell do you people think that you are .
0	the wait is _num_ minutes to the hour plus that we waited in line .
0	it 's not that it 's busy .
0	it is obvious that there are issues here .
0	room was nice but avoid the buffet .
0	we just could n't take it anymore .
0	very depressing .
0	slots so tight the scream in pain if they pay .
0	there is no free here .
0	they slice it so thin , u ca n't even hardly cut it .
0	ok , so check this out .
0	we just returned to our week stay at sams town today .
0	this is a casino who is in the business of taking your money .
0	they tell me i do n't have enough points .
0	glad to be only staying _num_ night and never again !
0	let me start with i have never written a negative review before .
0	we 've dined here before but never again .
0	very , very disappointed in food quality and service .
0	the chinese food looked old and disgusting .
0	we could not find a manager , to even address our concerns with .
0	that was more than i could handle .
0	there is nothing worse than a liar !
0	the brown gravy however is disgusting .
0	the mac and cheese looks tasty , but taste like powder .
0	waitress did not come around often to ask for refills .
0	when we arrived , we were greatly disappointed .
0	okay do you eat with your damn hands ?
0	it 's not that difficult !
0	i also wo n't recommend this hotel to anyone especially if you 're younger .
0	it 's not worth it !
0	this hotel has no real unique amenities to justify this .
0	is n't breakfast supposed to be the super cheap meal at a casino ?
0	this establishment deserves no stars .
0	i have been traveling for more than _num_ years .
0	how totally clueless !
0	the first time nothing stands out , kinda boring , but no complaints .
0	very disappointed with the state of the rooms .
0	not impressed .
0	they could n't even put our group in two lanes next to each other .
0	what a horrible experience !
0	i can not even begin to describe how terrible my stay was .
0	- now , if this were the only thing , no big deal .
0	here 's the kicker ( _num_ . )
0	he says , `` so this only happened twice ? ''
0	there is a bit of noise from the airport but not to bad .
0	then i called a week ago to add an extra night .
0	the worst experience of my life .
0	very rude and inconsiderate .
0	their security and management sucks .
0	my mother gets a _num_ dollar comp for her birthday .
0	not crowded on a thursday evening .
0	no visit from cook or manager .
0	i wish i could give this casino _num_ stars .
0	will not be returning to this store .
0	they talked us into staying last time but this is it !
0	they wo n't remember you or your animal , ever .
0	apparently it never gets in cause they never call back .
0	he said come back and they would do it and not charge .
0	i asked the doctor how this could be .
0	i get it ... medicine is not an exact science .
0	i will never return nor recommend anyone going there .
0	so we ended up just standing in a corner .
0	to be with us and got treated so bad .
0	however , when we arrived , there was only one other table occupied .
0	possibly the worst mojito i 've ever had .
0	gets the second star for the cheesy spanish language videos .
0	so i am sitting waiting until my friends food comes so i can eat .
0	literally had a plate of wasted meat left .
0	service and food very disappointing .
0	we will not be back .
0	so we just ate the appetizers .
0	also , the waitresses are quite surly .
0	the food leaves something to be desired as well .
0	we ended up running for our lives out of here .
0	_num_ stars : it 's just not all that .
0	pure and utter crap .
0	worst pizza ever ... .
0	ended up throwing most of it away .
0	it was late , and i was starving .
0	not even worth half that amount .
0	this place is just awful .
0	they could n't even get my diet coke right .
0	it 's a waste of calories !
0	do n't bother getting the $ _num_ two slice special .
0	for $ _num_ for a _num_ '' pepperoni pizza you can do better .
0	do not ever visit this place .
0	i would not even give _num_ star .
0	i mean , c'mon , fried chicken ?
0	the drinks were really bad .
0	the place heavily reeked of pot .
0	i 'm pretty torn giving a poor rating like this .
0	the owner followed me out to try and make the situation better .
0	sorry owner dude .
0	most uncomfortable situation you can imagine .
0	this place tries spin that `` classic barbershop '' nonsense .
0	no customer service .
0	a week later the watch was losing time .
0	my very first impression of the business is their lack of upfront pricing .
0	because they never fixed it because the stone did n't come in .
0	no apology .
0	i received no bag for my watches and only received attitude .
0	this company is the worst .
0	there is not one redeeming quality about them .
0	clearly , that is a lie .
0	judy , we are highly educated and responsible people .
0	the house is literally falling apart .
0	no '' i apologize '' or any kind of explanation for the slow response .
0	the cheesy salsa was bomb.com it was a spicy salsa with cheese melted inside .
0	not even to offer a discount .
0	`` no .
0	edit - more than two months have gone by and still no dvd .
0	anyway , no response .
0	no stars .
0	i did n't particularly like the food either .
0	i ordered a corona and was disappointed that the beer was n't that cold .
0	nothing was special except for what they do for birthday celebrations .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	let down , especially when compared to another mexican restaurant real close by .
0	there was very little flavor to it .
0	it just tasted like a little tomato juice with beer .
0	and _num_ shrimp and octopus cocktails .
0	after _num_ tries it still does not work .
0	yeah , the tour might be great , but the product is horrible .
0	i hate when a substandard company costs me money .
0	what a disappointment .
0	the new container is terrible .
0	that is why it tasted different .
0	they also tested our _num_ batteries .
0	it took them _num_ hours in labor & the whole bill was $ _num_ .
0	they are rude and put you on hold when ever they feel like it .
0	super poor customer service .
0	no problem , we will be there in _num_ hours .
0	this is the slowest and most inefficient bank i have ever been to .
0	the longest lines and they charge you a fee for everything .
0	will be looking into moving my money asap and all because of this experience .
0	i had the $ _num_ chicken tacos , and they were atrocious .
0	will not go again .
0	i want the entire thing and it became about the principle by then !
0	of course more attitude followed .
0	at least i did n't have a chance to pay , i suppose .
0	again , this is simply unacceptable .
0	i drove up with my husband and saw only a receptionist .
0	so she says i will have to reschedule .
0	the last _num_ times i 've been there it 's a total nightmare .
0	slow service .
0	dont have time to stop here .
0	there is no kids play area .
0	the receptionist was even rude .
0	one of the worst experiences i have ever had .
0	this doctor is a complete joke .
0	i do not recommend this place .
0	both of those girls are plain rude .
0	worst service ever !
0	how does anyone run a business like this .
0	i was there almost _num_ hours standing in line .
0	not a rotation .
0	_num_ days @ $ _num_ per day .
0	long waits , agents take very long , never , ever again .
0	_num_ stars from my experience , but i will say other folks like them .
0	the girl in the back was helpful , but she ai n't the manager .
0	what 's worse , she was the concierge !
0	it was lame .
0	oh and uh the spa facilities suck too btw .
0	nothing was special about this place .
0	no thanks .
0	they say , we automatically charge a _num_ % gratuity .
0	where do you get off deciding how much i give for gratuity ?
0	hmm ... does n't juice cost more than water ?
0	do not waste your time and money in this place .
0	plus the building needs some major upgrades and needs to get current !
0	i was more than dissapointed .
0	this spa was awful from the moment i walked in .
0	the bathrooms are not clean .
0	find your way to another spa .
0	did n't hit up the sauna so i 'm not sure how that was .
0	it 's generally an ok spa , not great .
0	ps , .
0	no problems there .
0	i sat down and the heat instantly burned the inside of my nose .
0	there was no apology or concern for my well being .
0	however , i am not sue happy and just wanted good customer service .
0	$ _num_ + mandatory $ _num_ tip .
0	that did n't happen either cause it was just not inviting .
0	there is also dry sauna and steam sauna .
0	customer server guy in spa was kind .
0	dry sauna not hot and steam sauna dirty with mud on the floor !
0	she changed her mind _num_ times to give me the refund .
0	no skills .
0	after this visit , not again .
0	the spa at paris , is the worst place i have ever seen .
0	the attendant frankly lazy and rude .
0	that is a poor business model .
0	do n't be surprised at the lack of customer service .
0	poor customer service at front desk .
0	i guess brittany did n't read the groupon herself .
0	too bad the front desk ruined the whole thing .
0	i got a groupon , which is why i went .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	the facilities were outdated and some areas dirty .
0	this last time was extremely strange to say the least .
0	spend your money on a show instead .
0	she stayed at paris , so we chose this spa for the convenience .
0	this place is in desperate need of repair .
0	spas are premium , luxury purchases and the whole experience should reflect as such .
0	will not go back !
0	i tried to cancel massage appt that was made for me by a friend .
0	again , no let me see what i can do .
0	btw they do not mention the added gratuity at check in !
0	i walk in to an empty , non staffed lounge .
0	wait , then this young lady pops out from the office .
0	she checks me in and shows me around .
0	there is no professionalism .
0	it is a huge rip off .
0	the front desk registration was horrible .
0	that was another good _num_ minutes of lying there doing nothing .
0	if you hate your job go work somewhere else asshole !
0	avoid at all costs .
0	this management company has a long way to go to being respected .
0	do n't do business with these people !
0	unfortunately , i 'm so disappointed .
0	did n't look anything like the pic i showed him i wanted .
0	they have the most rude manager ever !
0	well , i think i 'll stick with taco bell .
0	this is n't my place to go .
0	every single one is soooo sloppy and soggy and just disgusting to touch .
0	sure , tacos should be fun and messy .
0	this is just awful .
0	lol super rude and horrible customer service .
0	i pushed the button for a refill .
0	too bad the food was n't very good .
0	nasty pho , not enough meat , bad broth !
0	off the beaten path so do n't go looking for this place .
0	we walk into the restaurant and it 's dead .
0	i know other reviews have said this place is a cheap eat .
0	that was not my experience .
0	the place is dirty , with _num_ lights working .
0	if i could give this a negative star i would .
0	i did n't want to speak on something i had no knowledge of .
0	avoid this place like a plague .
0	the other items are not cheap and not good either .
0	came in on a hot afternoon , the place has no ac .
0	the whole restaurants looks old and dirty .
0	the food taste mediocre .
0	the owner never once apologize or offer a refund .
0	stay far and far away of this place !
0	first off , the lady working there was not too happy today i think .
0	vegas local and love taco bell but this one sucks so bad .
0	acrylic nails usually last about _num_ weeks or so before they begin lifting .
0	needless to say i will not be returning .
0	however , she stained my dress with the oil .
0	they refused at first , but then agreed .
0	just kidding , not fine .
0	this guy must have forgotten all the competition that he has around him .
0	no more !
0	done done done with below standard food and funky shitty bad attitude filled service .
0	i was disappointed yet again !
0	buyers beware !
0	all across the board its just lacking .
0	i ordered chicken and broccoli very spicy and chicken with mixed veggies .
0	my chicken fried rice was bland !
0	do n't order from them !
0	i ate it , but i did not enjoy it at all .
0	it was strange for my mouth , but it was n't bad per say .
0	i do n't see how they can live with themselves serving those plates .
0	the appearance of the place matches the food ... cheap and unappetizing .
0	their food is really bland , no flavor at all !
0	overpriced for tasteless food !
0	a whole in the wall place with tasteless food !
0	maybe it was because it was delivered and not eaten at the restaurant ?
0	i live a little over a minute away .
0	the ribs had mostly fat and were just ok .
0	gave them $ _num_ including tip .
0	orange chicken : chicken undercooked .
0	spend your money at panda express .
0	thank you mike and dan for helping me get this resolved .
0	_num_ rating .
0	expecting good pizza from little caesars is expecting more than they can deliver .
0	there are never any _num_ meat or supreme `` hot & ready '' pizzas .
0	bad location .
0	the lady told me it was going to be another _num_ minutes .
0	i 'm still here waiting over _num_ minutes .
0	yesterday was the worst .
0	he acts like i 'm not speaking english !
0	sounds like false advertising to me .
0	what is wrong with you people !
0	this is unacceptable
0	which , if you did n't know , is a huge safety concern .
0	stay away from this unfriendly place !
0	the worst jamaican food ever , pricey and run down .
0	over priced and not clean .
0	the floors were disgusting and the plastic tables clothes were faded and had holes .
0	i 'm not planning on eating here again .
0	too bad the food is disgusting and the place is filthy .
0	they are way too expensive and i will not be returning .
0	apparently there are _num_ names in play here .
0	what normally would be a deli case is filled with boxes as you enter .
0	no menu provided , no service to the table .
0	the menu states all meals are served with peas - not true .
0	what should have cost us around $ _num_ , cost us $ _num_ .
0	ordered patty and coco bread horrible is all i can say .
0	not sure how others rated this place _num_ stars but to each there own .
0	i expected more for the price i paid .
0	when even your sides are underwhelming , there 's a problem in the kitchen .
0	the food is kind of bland .
0	$ _num_ `` refund '' is pathetic .
0	horrible experience overall .
0	this is the most flavorless jamaican food i have ever eaten .
0	not worth the $ _num_ or $ _num_ .
0	the rice and beans were very dry .
0	it was like it had been in the warmer since the day before .
0	a waste of $ _num_ dollars !
0	the only people who seemed to get good service were the regulars .
0	i probably wo n't be going back .
0	the food is just ok .
0	not worth the money .
0	i mean really attitude .
0	too bad , i was hoping it would be a good place .
0	i 'll take my money where my business is appreciated !
0	well , i am so disappointed of the quality and the price .
0	oh shit !
0	maybe so for someone who is brain dead .
0	find another florist , these people are dishonest .
0	their prices are ridiculous , hidden fees and charges .
0	they have the worst customer service ever .
0	turned out , the flowers are ugly .
0	services are worst .
0	their staff is extremely rude .
0	the yellow curry was pretty bland .
0	the curry sauce was watery , which i normally like .
0	the service was friendly , but a little slow .
0	the soggy noodles were just gross .
0	i have got to stop letting a coworker talk me into stuff .
0	easily the worst thai food i 've ever had .
0	even the thai beef salad was like eating air .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
0	i 'm disappointed .
0	we had shrimp fried rice and chicken coconut soup .
0	the worst thai bbq i 've had .
0	been going to this place for _num_ years and today was a major disappointment .
0	the car was there _num_ days .
0	rather than being greeted , i hear `` we 're closed !
0	... ok ... but your window says same day .
0	and next time , do n't laugh at your customer for asking .
0	i 'm not cheap , but $ _num_ for plain grilled cheese ?
0	will not go again , do not recomend .
0	i will not be returning to this location .
0	quit if you ca n't work it !
0	why does it take _num_ minutes to make small curly fries ?
0	disappointing almost every time the order is wrong .
0	i recently had my oil changed at auto tech .
0	i would not ever advise anyone to bring thier car here , ever !
0	that is when things turned ugly quick .
0	did the cheap groupon oil deal , was not satisfied .
0	terrible , when you consider that you want a comfortable theater experience .
0	not that comfortable but that 's just my preference .
0	unfortunately , with no comfortable arm rest .
0	no sign either ?
0	worse experience ever !
0	will never come back to this place again .
0	why ca n't we stroll around while waiting for the movie to start .
0	i can not recommend this clinic .
0	i feel like american pet hospital is trying to jiffy me .
0	just pay your damn bill here . ''
0	it 's now closed , sadly .
0	i do not recommend getting your clothes altered here .
0	beyond horrible experience .
0	and disgusting actions .
0	does not accept any form of payment other than cash .
0	unfortunately not a good review here .
0	$ _num_ just to hem a dress ?
0	i have been buying batteries from these guys for quite a few years .
0	i tried to charge it , but it would n't take a charge .
0	i will not be doing business with them anymore .
0	the pad thai and the curry i had we 're just okay .
0	very disappointing .
0	noodle salad was only average .
0	tom kha coconut soup , ive had better .
0	showing me some link is n't going to change my taste buds .
0	i gave this restaurant two stars for a reason .
0	i 've left far worse reviews at other places .
0	other dishes in the past have also fallen short .
0	sorry kung fu plaza .
0	and , everybody was trying to wish a good evening , etc .
0	i tried the pad thai and garlic chicken with rice and didnt like either .
0	we walked into an almost empty place , and were ignored .
0	should have kept driving ... bad bad bad .
0	my first time here and i 'm never coming back.
0	service was horrible .
0	pad thai was nothing but peppers and bland .
0	we ordered our food online _num_ hours ago and still no food .
0	service is even worse .
0	they also did n't have enough menus for everybody .
0	poor quality ingredients , and no taste to it .
0	priced way to high too .
0	it caused one of my coworkers to miss a meeting .
0	will not be coming back !
0	the war won ton soup is around $ _num_ .
0	this meal was worse then the chinese food station at the palace station buffet .
0	chicken is cheap .
0	they 've just lost steady business .
0	stone cold food i should mention .
0	avoid this place at all cost !
0	, rice was disgusting ( how you mess you rice up !
0	i was so disappointed .
0	we walked in and it was if we were non existent .
0	it was so thick i could n't stomach it .
0	egg foo young looked gross on the plate .
0	food is mediocre and the service is horrible .
0	the sweet and sour sauce is orange not pink or red and tasted terrible .
0	the breading on the chicken was super thick and hard crunchy .
0	terrible customer service !
0	what a disappointment !
0	bad experience , cant order lunch special , _num_ mins to _num_ pm .
0	most likely wo n't return .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	not to mention their short of staff , which occurred bad service .
0	will not be returning .
0	`` no , we ca n't make food for you .
0	excuse me ?
0	how is this poor disgrace of customer service the only one at this restaurant ?
0	she then states `` do n't worry , do n't worry !
0	the server was terrible .
0	it was pretty obnoxious .
0	yup .
0	uh huh ... not just for light ... but from bellagio .
0	the vip people do n't know what they 're doing .
0	not when drinking tequila .
0	it 's really not worth the wait or the money .
0	that bar is disgusting !
0	overall bad food for overpriced prices and mediocre portions .
0	my enchilada and bean burrito combo was nothing special , and just tasted bland .
0	now , beans and rice are pretty standard fare in a burrito .
0	problem is the food was just to hold you over til the next day .
0	not as great as people made it out to be .
0	menu is basic mexican food .
0	probably wo n't return .
0	horrible food though .
0	not authentic mexican food at all .
0	i was craving mexican food .
0	the food , however is sub standard .
0	bad attitude .
0	for crap service ?
0	some people are physically unable to tolerate super spicy foods .
0	horrible service !
0	warm beer with a lame explanation of why !
0	it 's monday night football , place is pretty empty .
0	my guinness is ice cold and the ketchup is some generic brand .
0	oh my dear god ... i do n't even know where to begin .
0	gross .
0	no biggie .
0	no thank you .
0	as much as i love the food here , i will not be back .
0	that last dish was $ _num_ !
0	place was empty ... ordered a salad and corn beef sandwich .
0	this place sucks !
0	after waiting for _num_ mins ( yes that 's right , _num_ mins ! )
0	told them it was bad and ordered another .
0	so yes one bite !
0	this review is for the tuesday night trivia experience .
0	until then , i wo n't be returning .
0	horrible customer service , quality of food is comparable to del taco .
0	i had a friend check my car and he saw no leaks at all .
0	the service was a bit slow even with the restaurant being mostly empty .
0	i 'm not kidding .
0	she kept saying i 'm sorry , but you can tell she was n't .
0	of course , it was a crappy , rush job .
0	you could tell she did n't want to be there .
0	if i could leave _num_ stars then i would .
0	the sign on the door clearly says walk in 's welcome .
0	worst place ever !
0	i would not recommend this place !
0	i would definitly not use them on your job .
0	i would try another steakhouse .
0	my experience at this location , however , did not meet my expectations .
0	my ribeye steak and the rest of our party 's filets arrived .
0	i went with a shrimp ceviche tostada and the fish tacos .
0	the service was fine , but the product is lacking .
0	my chicken was dry , just hope do n't get food poisoning .
0	i was not offered a salsa or water refill .
0	very cold and rude service .
0	not attentive whats so ever , food was bland .
0	this place needs some management , nothing special about this place .
0	food is ok fish ceviche not good .
0	if i could give them zero , i would .
0	this place is horrible .
0	then she says she will not have me demanding taxi fare .
0	uh , no stupid lady .
0	i met with mike back in july to design a memorial tattoo .
0	unfortunately , not so .
0	that really made me feel important to them ( not ! )
0	she refunded my deposit and i went elsewhere .
0	originally , i gave this place a _num_ star review .
0	that 's not the case .
0	the woman who was at the counter barely looked at me and was rude .
0	it was a very shocking , painful and expensive lesson .
0	if i could give them zero stars , i would .
0	horrible customer service .
0	please do n't waste your time .
0	the pizza was okay ... i 've had better ... but the wings !
0	$ _num_ for a _num_ '' pizza with two toppings !
0	how do you charge _num_ dollars for onions and _num_ dollars for bell peppers .
0	no customer service .
0	not worth it .
0	that 'll teach me for trying to patronize `` the little guy '' .
0	unfortunately , that 's why they are where they are .
0	i was really embarrassed .
0	this is the most awful italian food i have ever eaten !
0	the chicken parm and gnocchi was pretty delicious , i must say .
0	things turned very sour when we got the bill .
0	they said no we can substitute it .
0	her response ?
0	zero tip and never visiting again .
0	i feel i was ripped off at this restaurant .
0	service is trying to sell over priced items .
0	house wine is less than expectations .
0	overall experience is disappointed .
0	what a disaster of a place !
0	so very rude .
0	the food was terrible !
0	... what a waste and we ended up having to leave post bread .
0	for our entrees we ordered the chicken parm and the fettuccine shrimp and mushrooms .
0	the shrimp was tough and the fettuccine was very overcooked .
0	i 'm mad we wasted our evening here .
0	no wondering that place is empty .
0	our dining experience sucked and none of us will return .
0	our first experience in feeling unwelcome here in vegas in _num_ years .
0	was disappointed !
0	i 'm not stoked about this !
0	last few weeks pizza hut has a carryout deal called the hut lovers deal .
0	seriously pizza hut ?
0	worst pizza hut ever .
0	bad customer service .
0	worst experience at a pizza hut ever .
0	no pepperoni ?
0	hands down the worse customer service ever .
0	never ordering here again .
0	yay another long rant on yelp .
0	please do not rent their equipment .
0	she told me they would come the next day to pick up my rentals .
0	save your money and time and look elsewhere .
0	no pink pool tables , no pink anything !
0	not even equivalent !
0	the food sucked !
0	complete fail !
0	mgr was not there _num_ in afternoon .
0	did not even go out and place an out of order sign .
0	very poor customer service .
0	would not use and will not ever again !
0	worst .
0	bad pricing .
0	tried this place twice last week .
0	the decor and ambiance was ok , nothing spectacular .
0	the buffet was small and not very appetizing looking .
0	they had no seats available , as there were large parties they were accommodating .
0	i dislike this place and will never go back .
0	this has not one piece of veg .
0	ridiculous .
0	these people are a disgrace .
0	living across the street , i 've been to this place a couple times .
0	not worth the mess for the prices they have .
0	very disappointed in this place because i honestly do like the food !
0	my wife is a server and i used to be one .
0	other tables were asked of everything was ok and had their drinks refilled .
0	another place off the list !
0	the mongolian beef was adequate but the teriyaki chicken meal was awful .
0	disappointing , but that happens sometimes trying new small places .
0	so i just went to another target that did .
0	workers are ok not super friendly but not nasty just ok .
0	everyone in this store is clueless !
0	i love target , but this one is not my favorite .
0	it 's hot as hell in here !
0	poor employees .
0	why wo n't they price match ?
0	this location needs a total facelift - it 's old and dirty .
0	gas prices are a little cheaper here .
0	finally just walked out .
0	i 'm sure that 's what the customer ahead of me was thinking .
0	the store is neat and clean but there is just lack of choices .
0	if i could rate a zero , i would .
0	i will not return !
0	horrible company !
0	they also just cut down trees with out working out a solution .
0	it is mediocre at best .
0	they sucked again .
0	got coffee too , it sucks .
0	i will never go this place ever again .
0	wrong decision .
0	cheesy mexican lounge singer singing christmas music added to the ambiance or something .
0	the rice and beans were not good .
0	absolutely one of the _num_ worst mexican restaurants i 've been to ever .
0	this is the absolute worst mexican food that i have ever tasted .
0	if it were n't for the excellent service this place would have _num_ star .
0	i went here with a friend because of the reviews .
0	_num_ and _num_ stars ?
0	i do n't see it .
0	i probably wo n't be back because it simply was n't worth it .
0	bland and ordinary .
0	even the beans are made with dairy .
0	if you 're from la or sf skip and save your mexican for cali .
0	there 's no way it can be worse than this .
0	ambiance - a cut or two below denny 's , with mexican colors .
0	i do n't understand why all their burritos are smothered in sauce and cheese .
0	the cheese was very stringy and tasteless .
0	it 's not a nightclub .
0	chipotle or even taco bell would be a preferred dining choice .
0	_num_ ) salsa and bean dip were pretty good .
0	yes , we could have sent cold food back .
0	what has happened to this restaurant ?
0	no seasoning , just cooked meat and peppers .
0	the shrimp was a little too chewy .
0	the dips were okay , not the best salsa .
0	the rest of the food was terrible .
0	this is not real mexican food .
0	too bad that 's the only good thing about it .
0	i was so sad i brought my parents with me .
0	no cherries either .
0	she 's a gem stuck in that hole .
0	wish i could post a pic but it 's not giving me an option .
0	i wanted to like this place , i really did .
0	but without even that , the food just is n't good .
0	we 'll give it one more shot but we were really disappointed .
0	this time was one of the worst !
0	normally you get a huge plate full , not this time .
0	older server lady was completely rude .
0	and i strongly suggest that if you decide to come here to be disappointed .
0	i say okay , no problem .
0	was this chick on the inside going to see how long i would wait ?
0	after _num_ more minutes of sitting outside waiting to order , we were done .
0	i then stated to him i have my own oil , after saying that .
0	he said no you wo n't bring it back .
0	i 'm not letting this one go .
0	they were going to charge $ _num_ a month .
0	i called for _num_ pepperoni pizza and guy was so rude .
0	was n't horrible , was n't fantastic .
0	i could n't even get through half of it .
0	guess it is back to looking for another pizza place near me .
0	was not going to be coming after all .
0	they were not apologetic at all .
0	it was the only thing that we all ate in common .
0	worst mistake ever !
0	so yeah , you deserve less than _num_ star .
0	the pizza is burnt and there is almost no cheese .
0	the sandwich was soggy from steam in the container .
0	i placed an order for a specialty pizza and buffalo wings .
0	upon opening the box the pizza looked beyond unappetizing .
0	the guy said _num_ to _num_ hour .
0	terrible customer service !
0	literally had no meat on them .
0	maybe for pick up it would have been better .
0	terrible massage , super sketchy place.
0	these women have no idea what a massage is .
0	$ _num_ is the new norm and it is on every corner !
0	very very disappointing ... .
0	the $ _num_ monday night prime rib special will pull you in .
0	cook in the kitchen do n't know how to cook steak .
0	why bother ?
0	well would n't ya know everything was soggy !
0	they have permanently lost my business .
0	no matter what i need , i 'll never return .
0	finally walked out .
0	the tripe was flavorless , the stuffed bean curd sheets were okay .
0	like , worse than the excalibur .
0	i might have to check out another dim sum place next time .
0	this place is expensive and not even good .
0	no way ... thirty something i could have dealt with but _num_ ?
0	went on one of the slowest times of the year .
0	the food to me was very salty .
0	limited dim sum selection , especially steamed food .
0	it had peanuts , dried shrimp , mushrooms , sliced pork .
0	most expensive dish at $ _num_ and not worth it .
0	so now why _num_ stars ?
0	some cold !
0	the fried shrimp balls was ok , a bit dry .
0	seems like it was steam with little fish eggs on top .
0	worst dim sum ever !
0	no one speaks english and no carts were coming around .
0	i will never be back .
0	they include tips , barely _num_ % i think .
0	they only had _num_ carts rolling around at the time we went .
0	i couldnt agree more with steve n. this place is pretty horrible .
0	the hostess walked away and acted like it was not her job .
0	what for dim sum !
0	i am probably not going to come back here .
0	the decor is lacking any luster very dated and needs renovation quick !
0	also , chang 's has raised their prices significantly .
0	not good to have your party .
0	i did n't really find these outstanding .
0	we came pretty early before the rush , so it was pretty dead .
0	we never get forks , who the hell uses forks ?
0	the dim sum tasted like leftovers from the day before and was n't fresh .
0	the menu was not even close to what the menus photo 'd look like .
0	just another average dim sum place , nothing too fancy or special .
0	just get more employees , or do n't want people to come .
0	cold dim sum makes for a bad experience .
0	we were starving so ate it anyways .
0	it was n't the greatest , but for the price .
0	otherwise , the rest of the food was pretty average and nothing special !
0	it is mediocre at best .
0	they just wrote down the total instead of breaking down the bill .
0	then proceed to write the price on the side of the bill .
0	boring atmosphere .
0	wo n't be returning , would n't recommend .
0	the rice was my favorite but i should not have gotten the chow mein .
0	this is totally ripped off !
0	dim sum looked like it was made a while ago .
0	the waiting time is worst !
0	gross .
0	enjoy but add extra _num_ mins and some patience for horrible service .
0	do not be fooled by the charm the owners try to give off .
0	this is horrible .
0	the same dessert cart keeps coming around too .
0	also , the only dish we have sucks .
0	ca n't even get the food off the plate because it 's falling apart .
0	the meat is either overcooked or undercooked in this place .
0	i would not recommend this place .
0	chicken fried rice was atrocious .
0	i could n't figure out how half was hot and half ice cold .
0	final opinion , i would n't eat here again if it was free .
0	the green curry with beef was also a miss .
0	it was also bland as heck .
0	yeah , the jerky was n't good either .
0	_num_ tom yum , pad thai and eggrolls ... probably $ _num_ of food .
0	i wont be coming back due to your poor customer service .
0	nothing overwhelming here - seems pretty generic .
0	probably will not go back .
0	would give it a higher rating , but the service was terrible .
0	it was 5:30 , no one else in the place .
0	i 'm now begin to lose my appetite and get frustrated .
0	why , the place is empty !
0	some yelpers rate this restaurant _num_ and _num_ stars ?
0	come on , it is not even close to a three .
0	they only do this because this is their busiest stop .
0	avoid this place .
0	rip off !
0	with a competitor coupon , they still charge $ _num_ at the lowest .
0	so the lowest you will pay is $ _num_ !
0	rude .
0	mind you the rigatoni supposedly comes with a _num_ cheese blend .
0	no return business here .
0	i want be going back .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	ca n't seem to resolve my issue .
0	it was horrible !
0	i will never go to metro pizza again .
0	way too expensive for this boring pizza pie .
0	a huge oily disappointment .
0	i 've tried this place _num_ times now and it 's nasty .
0	pizza gone done a notch and the service has too .
0	i will not return to this location .
0	ugh .
0	dirty & dingy ... in bad need of a remodel .
0	seriously , this place looks gross and the staff is slow .
0	horribly slow .
0	and the food is not consistent with the other locations at all .
0	it was so unappetizing .
0	how could standards be so low ?
0	at this point the issue was closed .
0	it was more pizza dough than anything else .
0	i 'm bummed , was hoping for so much better .
0	this place is awful , in particular the service from the get go .
0	upon receiving our pizza , there was no receipt .
0	sadly , i was really under impressed .
0	any other pizza place would be better .
0	i called the manager and demanded our money back and to forget the food .
0	no class .
0	it 's a shame this happened .
0	this place had no clue .
0	seemed funny but i could n't get past the seating ... .
0	picking up and returning takes way too long .
0	not wait until you get there to clean and wash it .
0	terrible customer service .
0	they did n't have the truck after we made a reservation .
0	their policy is that they may or may not have the truck you reserved .
0	i walked in to her office and asked what happened .
0	this place sucks .
0	worst customer service .
0	i have never been to a port of subs before .
0	if i could give them zero stars i would .
0	will never return and not recommend !
0	they are n't the only people whose time is valuable .
0	horrible service !
0	been waiting _num_ months for contact lenses .
0	candy the office manager is mean and gets defensive real quick .
0	not worth the headache .
0	the staff is completely cold & rude .
0	i would never go back there again and would not refer anyone there .
0	worst place ever .
0	very bad customer service - owner will talk about you in vietnamese .
0	this place is not and will never be cool .
0	the food was less than decent -- not even worth half its price .
0	our waitress simply dropped off our check and rushed off to the next table .
0	keep offering 1/2 off deals for locals and then treating us like crap .
0	by far the worst restaurant experience i 've ever had .
0	oh , and the food was mediocre .
0	and was not follow up on .
0	major disappointment and expensive mistake !
0	the lobster ravioli wasnt bad , but nothing special .
0	how does an italian restaurant screw up spaghetti and meatballs ?
0	i ordered ravioli and it was still frozen and had no sauce on it .
0	it cost $ _num_ for only two drinks and two apps .
0	go figure an italian restaurant with mexican cooks ?
0	what a shame !
0	the only thing good is the bread with oil and vinegar .
0	the waiters attitude did n't change all night .
0	this man should not be working in the hospitality business .
0	if there was any lobster meat in it , i could n't tell .
0	i could neither see any or taste it .
0	finally , ferraro 's does not allow any outside wine .
0	imagine olive garden at the double the price .
0	i am an experienced wine drinker as i travel and collect wines .
0	my buddy commented he will also not return .
0	the spaghetti was over cooked and the meatballs were average .
0	i was hosting a party for _num_ business associates .
0	service was incredibly slow .
0	at this point , i realized that our relationship is over .
0	other than that , we never saw him .
0	the `` cesar '' salad dressing was blah .
0	i am not sure what everyone sees in this place .
0	run away do not eat here unless your a local .
0	customer service is less than _num_ star .
0	they do n't appreciate your business and have declined over the years .
0	so many glowing reviews and i was just disappointed .
0	the waiter was not cheerful or pleasant .
0	you had potential , ferraro 's , but i 'm not a happy customer .
0	the service was also severely lacking .
0	and then later , `` ready to order ?
0	they have a huge wine list , over hundreds of wines to choose from .
0	the fruit flies in the bar area are a definite problem .
0	not for us ... our food came out warm after a long wait .
0	poor attitudes .
0	what a bad experience !
0	plus the place was empty , nobody was waiting for this table .
0	service is pretentious and slow .
0	i never felt so disrespected .
0	they have the most expensive italian wine list i 've ever seen .
0	problem is , the drinks never came .
0	he gave us menus & took our app orders and never came back .
0	even the table next to us was being helped .
0	she was nice but still did n't really check on our table .
0	usually yelp is dependable .
0	i feel as though i wasted a meal in vegas .
0	skip this spot .
0	_num_ years later no improvement .
0	the entire experience was horrible .
0	the teachers are decent , but the prices are ridiculous .
0	prices are low .
0	they are fucking damn stupid !
0	you guys are really not good at lying !
0	i wish there were multiple options with gas because this company is incredibly frustrating .
0	they make your payment choices so difficult .
0	the only thing it says online is payment processed , not returned .
0	you block me from paying my bill .
0	shame on you southwest gas .
0	this is not good customer service .
0	hire more technicians because that is very unprofessional !
0	this is ridiculous !
0	next , their information on yelp is outdated .
0	today is friday dec _num_ , they do n't work .
0	this is the wrong attitude to treat customers .
0	why is it that difficult to provide people with quality gas services ?
0	seriously the worst customer service .
0	_num_ ) fine , i paid their bill .
0	overall she had a very rude attitude .
0	this company has by far given me the worst customer service of my life .
0	my dog could do a better job .
0	so now i have no hot water , ca n't cook over the weekend .
0	why is n't there a back up plan ?
0	one of the worst company ever .
0	apparently this was a bill from a home i `` bought '' in _num_ .
0	i can see why there are so many complaints .
0	especially lisa in your after hour emergency dept .
0	terrible customer service after being put on hold for _num_ minutes .
0	no personality , no straight answers and just plain rude .
0	if there was an alternative , i 'd be there .
0	so this thanksgiving , my boyfriend 's mom and i were making dinner .
0	i walked in looking confused not really knowing where to go .
0	in a rude and unhelpful tone .
0	i was furious !
0	hot chocolate was basically water with chocolate dropped in it .
0	table next to us sent orange juice back because it had something in it .
0	it was salty and way too thick .
0	it screams outdated , lack of standards , and absolutely disgusting food .
0	i for one as i said , was underwhelmed .
0	but this dessert wo n't change my review of nora 's .
0	i was wrong .
0	but , atleast i can say i 've gone .
0	if you want some more garlic bread , it 's $ _num_ per basket .
0	the works dish was somewhat better .
0	do not waste your money here !
0	my friend had recommended this place and claims to really like it .
0	nora 's used t be much better and they can do better .
0	it was another _num_ minute wait for it to be replaced .
0	menu prices here were average for a restaurant of this caliber .
0	i am not one of those people .
0	the clam linguine disappointed us the most !
0	worst clam linguine i 've ever had !
0	we were really disappointed at this place and we 're never going back .
0	just a bad dining experience over all .
0	if you are trying to cut corners i suggest you raise your prices !
0	this place was by far a _num_ star !
0	i 'm am shocked this place has an average _num_ stars .
0	lots of room , it really filled up the longer we were there .
0	my friend got the same dish and was disappointed as well .
0	chicken parm so bland that i 'm pretty sure i could make it myself .
0	they used to be better .
0	what was once my go to , is no more .
0	we had _num_ pm reservation ( place closes at _num_ ) .
0	they were ok , nothing special .
0	this time , the garlic bread was the only great item .
0	completely disappointed .
0	the food was horrible the worst italian food ever .
0	luckily , i had the chicken which came with salad .
0	it is located in a small strip mall and would be easy to miss .
0	i am not even comparing this to italy standards .
0	it is all hype .
0	we had a horrible experience here tonight .
0	we will not be back .
0	the restaurant itself is a little outdated .
0	our waitress was rude and inattentive .
0	would not go back !
0	after sitting down , the garlic bread was brought out right away .
0	unfortunately i 've had much better italian food and service at other restaurants .
0	instead of trying another dish , i will just try another restaurant .
0	no smile , did n't feel welcomed .
0	there are many other places to spend my money for real local food .
0	we saw there were _num_ other tables in the section already set and empty .
0	that was with the _num_ tables still empty .
0	no smile , just attitude .
0	the food was great but the service was terrible !
0	the staff was friendly , but by no means is this good italian food .
0	placed order for 1st cocktails , appetizers , entrees .
0	ordered 2nd cocktail because we had n't recieved food .
0	but deciding between the two can be difficult .
0	it 's $ _num_ and they reduced it to about a 1/3 the size .
0	the garlic bread was amazing ( only reason for even one star ) .
0	i have never in my life had chicken parm with mint .
0	needless to say , we wo n't be back .
0	no sides , no appetizers , just five main courses .
0	prices are reasonable though .
0	long story short , do n't believe the hype , all flash no substance .
0	shame .
0	it was not the fresh red sauce we used to get .
0	disgusting !
0	then our second order did not come until 30-45 min after the first course .
0	that 's not really an issue .
0	how about no dessert and you just discount our bill ?
0	so much time wasted .
0	rigatoni was highly recommended ( over the lasagna ) by the server .
0	the food is great the service is horrible !
0	the father was n't happy as well .
0	i 'm italian and super disappointed in the service here .
0	they do n't make their own noodles or meatballs .
0	the bartender is super rude .
0	i had it done elsewhere for _num_ reasons .
0	wish i could give no stars .
0	trust me i will not email you again .
0	maybe if you were n't so overbearing you may have had a customer .
0	most buffets in that same price range do n't feature anything edible .
0	this is the $ _num_ _num_ oz .
0	there was a slight fishy flavor but under the crust they tasted okay .
0	but this was probably the absolute worst meal i paid for in my life .
0	i am giving this place _num_ stars since we had a pretty bad experience .
0	probably will not be coming back here unless its free or comped .
0	ick .
0	coast properties are generally nice , but this was the worst one .
0	gold coast has landed right on my let 's not las vegas list .
0	as in _num_ and over .
0	it 's not flat out bad .
0	i have stayed in worse places .
0	scary & nasty !
0	the front desk service is horrible .
0	he said no and had given me a standard room .
0	the cocktail waitresses were pretty beat and not very nice .
0	good place if you like an older crowd ( _num_ and up ) .
0	ugly uncomfortable chairs were the only seating option other than the stiff bed .
0	this place just sucks .
0	the front desk people does not even smile .
0	she kept answering the phone and taking reservations while i was standing there waiting .
0	in this case you may have paid too much .
0	crab was so dry it would n't come out of the shell !
0	my daughter has been freaking out seeing her mom sick .
0	selection of food is not great .
0	smoky old school depressing casino .
0	i 'm only giving this hotel _num_ starts bc their service was outstanding !
0	they really deserve one .
0	i am done with the gold coast .
0	too many other better options for spending my gambling dollars .
0	thanks but i 'll never be back .
0	no fridge , hair dryer or microwave .
0	no shade in pool area unless you want to pay the bar $ _num_ .
0	review for the casino .
0	the whole place feels old school .
0	went down , they could care less .
0	this ruined our vacation .
0	if you bet maximum slots never pay .
0	very dirty and stinks inside of casino .
0	they must not know the meaning of the words free and complimentary !
0	i do n't particularly care for the gold coast .
0	total bs not coming back beware of this establishment players .
0	so yea i did n't tip him .
0	she made me repeat myself several times and then started laughing at me .
0	my food credit is gone and my free okay is gone .
0	i would easily tell anyone to never go here .
0	place sucks .
0	many local chinese are seen every day ( professional players ? )
0	shooting on casino floor , pool and workout center closed , and terrible service .
0	the pool and fitness center were closed .
0	very slow internet that you are forced to pay for in the resort fee .
0	staff at check in and check out were very attentive .
0	second day there the casino area stunk of smoke and sewage .
0	not like it used to be .
0	the gold coast hotel in vegas is horrific .
0	so nasty !
0	the bartender was the only person out on the floor .
0	not true .
0	strongly advise not using this classic door and trim for any building supplies .
0	guess this place does n't do a lot of lunch business .
0	are you freakin ' kidding me ?
0	terrible service .
0	needless to say i wo n't be back .
0	place is not healthy .
0	shady , shady , shady !
0	bad place to live .
0	the one pool has been closed for a very long time .
0	do n't take your pets here .
0	one star is because i can not leave _num_ stars .
0	this operation as a whole is either severely understaffed or simply inefficient .
0	they could n't care less .
0	there process is harsh on fabrics .
0	no one reads reviews for walmart .
0	but i need to get some frustration off my chest .
0	horrible .
0	how difficult is it to scan items on a cash register ?
0	bottom line : walmart is lame !
0	it has been hell today !
0	this is called bait and switch , this is also illegal .
0	i am not going to waste another second of my time dealing with walmart .
0	worse service ever .
0	what a nightmare .
0	- extremely long checkout lines at all times .
0	tough cookies because you probably wont find anyone to help you .
0	you can hardly fit a cart in there let alone a few carts .
0	im done and never going back .
0	i really do n't enjoy this particular walmart location .
0	disgusting !
0	major failure walmart .
0	he said , no it does n't .
0	if it 's not in the computer they do n't have it .
0	customer service is terrible .
0	i was returning _num_ floor mats .
0	the rep was arguing with the customer for over _num_ minutes .
0	no sign of security in the lot or around the exterior of the building .
0	horrible customer service .
0	she says `` no '' in an annoyed voice .
0	pathetic .
0	the worst thing about this walmart is their bathrooms !
0	they will never get better .
0	there is just no excuse .
0	this is bs as managers hang out in the back talking to one another .
0	the workers of walmart are so unprofessional .
0	but i believe the service at this particular walmart is worse than most .
0	as for me , i have switched to smiths and amazon prime .
0	sitting here at mcdonald 's wondering how these stores even keep their doors open .
0	seems like they have no regard for the health and care for others .
0	and get mad if you ca n't hear them .
0	i 've used this pharmacy _num_ times and every visit has been unpleasant .
0	the worse walmart ever !
0	i rather pay _num_ to a dollar more and get great customer service .
0	this walmart sucks .
0	ugh .
0	next time i 'll be avoiding walmart and going across the street to target .
0	it really does not surprise me this walmart had such bad reviews online .
0	seems to me they are just trying to avoid giving me my money back .
0	rude .
0	you ca n't get anybody to help you in the store .
0	this review is directed to management and corporate more than against the employees .
0	a negative one star if possible .
0	maybe they do n't even care .
0	i went to this walmart with the sole purpose of picking up some jewelry .
0	i would give it _num_ stars if i could .
0	the bacon was like beef jerky .
0	not crispy .
0	the biscuit minus gravy was a bit dry .
0	the hash browns are also a bit soggy .
0	tasted like angel food cake batter was used to make the pancakes .
0	i did n't realize this place was a chain .
0	it took us ten minutes to be seated .
0	for my meal , i ordered pot roast .
0	i could n't wait to bolt out of there .
0	there are better diners in this city .
0	it was mainly gristle , and no meat .
0	i really wanted this diner to work out , but it did n't .
0	... ... ... .
0	by such system this place is barely better than mcdonald 's .
0	so half of my experience was missing .
0	not the normal ticket time for black bear .
0	but nothing special about black bear .
0	what a disaster that was .
0	this visit was disgusting !
0	corned beef hash was not good .
0	not even like it could have been helped .
0	my friend ordered the stuffed chicken and i ordered the chicken fried steak .
0	i only wish the rest of my meal was just as amazing .
0	enough for me to give this place a second try sometime down the road .
0	service was fast and friendly however food was cold where next to plate .
0	i ca n't see returning .
0	the pancakes were the only thing on the table worth eating .
0	i will not be returning or recommend the black bear diner .
0	you see hundreds of bears everywhere ( weird ) .
0	some sort of acknowledgement would be nice that i spoke to you .
0	there is supposed to be a new location opening in henderson this fall .
0	what a disappointment .
0	i could n't find the hamburger patty under all the lettuce .
0	and says well it 's a `` country fried steak '' .
0	i do n't care for this spot .
0	breakfast served all day unlike most other breakfast spots in town .
0	the coffee here in my opinion sucks .
0	i 'm not signing up .
0	nothing special .
0	ca n't stand bad service .
0	the food was alright , nothing to brag about .
0	what a waste of $ _num_ for one person to eat breakfast .
0	terrible .
0	we will never return or recommend .
0	if i could they would not get _num_ star !
0	the poached eggs were cooked correctly .
0	they charge $ _num_ per glass .
0	skip it .
0	but ultimately it comes down to service and ours was not up to par .
0	excuse me ?
0	the salads was boring .
0	our waitress immediately had it corrected .
0	i am charged an an additional $ _num_ in bullshit fees .
0	oh wait , ca n't do that .
0	i do n't know how this is legal .
0	been told _num_ min _num_ min ago .
0	do n't even have waiting chair to sit in !
0	the worst towing company i 've ever faced .
0	wo n't be back .
0	money plays lost my respect and trust last night .
0	it 's our fault for coming here and giving the place a 3rd chance .
0	the worst management i have ever come in contact with .
0	i expressed my shock by telling him that he was n't being fair .
0	could n't get the time of day from bartenders on multiple occasions .
0	used to be you could trust doctors .
0	after his examination , a staff member told him to pick out his frames .
0	we spent $ _num_ dollars for an attitude and terrible service .
0	quality of lenses at this place are a joke and over priced .
0	do not go here if you enjoy being respected .
0	card , which by the way is a ton of money !
0	that 's unacceptable .
0	i do n't care , there was no one else in the store .
0	then she puts the tuna scoop back in the bin to reserve .
0	too bad you ca n't give zero stars with your review .
0	there are constant problems that never seem to get solved .
0	this april or _num_ they went off three times in five days .
0	the first incident happened at 7am and lasted almost four hours .
0	i just wan na know when were you planning on telling us robin !
0	she said it was $ _num_ extra because she did n't get approved !
0	flat out wrong and disrespectful in how she speaks to tenants there .
0	i would highly recommend staying away from this management company if at all possible .
0	so now i have to work through this problem .
0	just stay away , just say no !
0	do not rent from this company .
0	they are rude and very unprofessional .
0	this is the worst property management company i 've ever come in contact with .
0	if you are able , stay away from renting from them .
0	unprofessional and rude .
0	they beat me for the _num_ cleaning fee .
0	by far the worst place i have ever rented from .
0	i 've already had numerous issues .
0	wrong !
0	i done fell asleep twice and still have n't been seen .
0	i will never go back to a umc quick care .
0	i will not wait any longer .
0	disgusting !
0	they completely screwed mine up and will give me no help whatsoever .
0	there 's no steps to their service and no customer service at all .
0	no big deal , doc will approve .
0	well here it is _num_ days later no approval !
0	dr. lee is the worst doctor in the world .
0	like i am his daughter and i simply do n't understand .
0	let alone the fact that this is just a quick care is ridiculous .
0	i like papa 's usually but this one really fell short of late !
0	i could not believe the poor customer service !
0	worst customer service !
0	i said `` miss , you 're not alone .
0	if you ca n't handle the volume , do n't take it on . ''
0	pizza is still not here btw ... do n't use this store !
0	she was rude from the moment she started talking .
0	so there was no way to know of this policy before ordering .
0	its been sitting for _num_ minutes . ''
0	well excuse me .
0	incompetent reps taking phone orders .
0	could n't get my order correct after _num_ tries .
0	the staff sucks .
0	usually they will deliver if you explain how terrible this location is .
0	the phone staff is extremely rude and unhelpful .
0	all i received was attitude that they ca n't do that for me .
0	this place sucks and has crappy pizza and customer service .
0	they run a very shady business and will do anything to pocket your money .
0	i would recommend renting from any other property management company other than this one .
0	and service is _num_ days later .
0	bad decision - the a/c was barely on , seemed like it was off .
0	outside was _num_ degrees .
0	lame imax theater !
0	do n't even get me started about the rude little kids that work here .
0	i will never waste my time to drive all the way out here again .
0	there 's also no butter dispenser for your popcorn .
0	left almost a half hour later without seeing anything .
0	we all sat in awkward silence for _num_ minutes .
0	would score zero stars if the app allowed .
0	it was so painful many people sat with their fingers in their ears .
0	the concessions are terrible , not in the choices but in the quality .
0	bad customer service .
0	bad form .
0	excuse me ?
0	the line outside is confusing and nobody stand up to explain !
0	the seating in the theaters , however , is extremely uncomfortable to me .
0	so i tell the girl `` hey i just wanted the popcorn and coke .
0	nasty ass restaurant .
0	i do n't understand why they 're still open .
0	edit : they just called guest _num_ .
0	the first room they gave us had old , dirty carpet and walls .
0	it is off the strip , about a _num_ minute drive .
0	close to the strip , grocery stores , and local malls .
0	stay in a motel _num_ or other upscale place , this place sucks .
0	i went through expedia to book this hotel .
0	if it 's hot outside , it 's also hot in the hallways .
0	they have one of the worst fold out beds i have ever slept upon .
0	the pool was not memorable or good .
0	my wife turned and stated , `` i 'm not staying here '' .
0	i 'm never staying here again .
0	this hotel is pretty sad .
0	just not what i expected .
0	stayed here for my birthday after looking on the website .
0	room pictures in the website do not match with the room !
0	i am not high maintenance and do n't usually care where i stay .
0	avoid their concierge service if you can .
0	they do n't really care about helping you .
0	once they get your money , they do n't care about you anymore .
0	will probably never stay here again !
0	id just gotten out of a _num_ year relationship .
0	they do not want you in their branch .
0	you wait forever ... the service is ok but the wait is ridiculous .
0	pitiful .
0	worst experience ever .
0	this branch is famous for long wait times .
0	not her fault but still very inconvenient .
0	is available today rather then just ordering a debit card for me .
0	the customer service has been quickly going downhill !
0	_num_ people in line for the teller and only _num_ teller window open .
0	you have been warned .
0	this place sucks .
0	they would n't even give me a refund after this ordeal .
0	highly unprofessional and unsatisfied .
0	owner is not responsible at all .
0	the bad : the place could really use an update .
0	she was n't very anything except rude .
0	overall , it was horrible .
0	and no one cared really .
0	living social deal , $ _num_ for _num_ races .
0	they state the obvious like ok red is stop green is go .
0	slow drivers ?
0	waste your time behind them , they dont care .
0	we timed all _num_ races and each was _num_ minutes on the button .
0	-- this is a lie like none other !
0	lame !
0	one of the worst experiences i ever had .
0	seriously do n't go not worth the groupon price .
0	wish i could give _num_ stars .
0	that 's no way to spend your vacation time .
0	just not well run .
0	we visit vegas quite often and we wo n't return to race here .
0	first off they have horrible customer service .
0	the lady at the desk was rude .
0	just go to pole position that 's what the girl at the desk says .
0	fast lap is not worth the money .
0	secondly the staff was rude , probably another reason they were empty .
0	horrible place never go here !
0	it is an absolute joke , not to mention a huge safety hazard .
0	i would give this place zero stars if i could .
0	no absolutely not .
0	i can get better shoes elsewhere .
0	zero stars .
0	horrible .
0	stupid .
0	i felt just so nasty staying there .
0	do n't believe me ?
0	disgusting place .
0	pool that 's never open ?
0	avoid the rio at all costs .
0	the hotel switched their room , but did n't do much else .
0	what a nightmare !
0	alas , not true .
0	had to stay here for a conference , and the rooms suck balls .
0	man , this hotel is boring .
0	has no fun shows , fancy restaurants , and shopping malls .
0	most importantly , the slot machines in this hotel never ever pay back .
0	i lost a lot of money in here .
0	so , we sit down and assume that it will arrive any minute .
0	lots of people get off .
0	i guess i 'm just not a girl that likes leftovers .
0	i think this is the only hotel in las vegas with tube televisions .
0	we were approached by the same _num_ year old lady like _num_ times .
0	personally , i ca n't recommend this place .
0	literally , a run around .
0	no idea .
0	excuse me ?
0	we charge by ounce '' how cheap are you rio ?
0	strike _num_ !
0	the carpet was coming up , the wallpaper was peeling off .
0	it was the only thing in there , how could you miss that ?
0	i wo n't be back to stay .
0	bad casino .
0	rio made me sick !
0	i literally would start to gag when i walked through the gaming floor !
0	this and the former italian place both remain empty .
0	the shops are crappy .
0	-no shuttle from the airport !
0	wasted our first day in vegas !
0	called in earlier in the evening about our bathroom having this foul sewer smell .
0	the customer service sucks at the rio .
0	but the hotel itself is not in the best shape .
0	the room was big , in some ways it seemed too big .
0	you could see from caesar 's all they way past mandalay bay .
0	they have monthly free poolside concerts , yay .
0	they have no consideration for the disabled , boo .
0	unless your convention is at the rio i would n't stay at the rio .
0	poker room is n't even a room .
0	hotel layout is not so great .
0	so , long story short ?
0	do n't stay at the rio .
0	no idea .
0	worst vegas decision ever .
0	my boyfriend and i stayed at the rio this past weekend .
0	there were about _num_ out of _num_ stations with employees checking people in .
0	next time we will not skimp or try to save a few bucks .
0	i will not come back again .
0	he even said that he did n't promise it , just his staff .
0	rio needs to upgrade itself .
0	terrible .
0	it does n't matter where you stay .
0	the pool is really nice , but why are all the pools not heated ?
0	fail .
0	received an almost empty shampoo one day instead of a full one .
0	why would i pay _num_ bucks to eat at a buffet ?
0	no free wifi .
0	the smoke in the casino is horrible .
0	avoid this dump .
0	overall service was just so-so ( except for the spa ) .
0	we all know that by `` suite '' the rio really means big room .
0	not a room with a separate bedroom and living area .
0	maybe my expectations of the rio are outdated , just like their room decor .
0	so why only _num_ stars ?
0	yep , $ _num_ hold !
0	or maybe the ventilation just needs cleaning .
0	rio , methinks we wo n't be visiting you anytime soon .
0	old , dingy , smells like cigarettes .
0	i have stayed at the rio several times over the past few years .
0	plus , it smelled pretty musty and the windows were filthy .
0	sub-par quality .
0	unfortunately , we could n't locate the coffee .
0	i called maintenance and the front desk requesting assistance .
0	it is expensive because , hey , it 's vegas .
0	old freaking furniture & tv .
0	outdated .
0	ugh .
0	the parking structure is no where near the casino .
0	the internet was crazy expensive at _num_ per day .
0	_num_ a day for wi-fi .
0	off the strip , but the shuttle at least comes in handy .
0	no the rudeness from the employees sets the tone for the entire property .
0	the line at check-in was _num_ minutes long and only _num_ counters were attended .
0	called concierge to get answers to some questions just before 9pm on night _num_ .
0	ours , luckily , worked as intended .
0	worst hotel ever !
0	so there was nothing we can do but deal with the dirty room situation .
0	will not be staying here again .
0	if you lose your life savings you can not get your money back .
0	why did n't anyone tell me that families like to stay here ?
0	i lost a shit ton of money playing games of the adult variety .
0	worse hotel i 've ever stayed in .
0	they could n't do anything to get us a different room .
0	what a waste of time !
0	there were many food choices from the very basic to the fairly stylish .
0	desperately needs an update of the rooms and ventilation .
0	it 's not worth it to go to their buffet either .
0	for $ _num_ a night you can go anywhere else and be better off .
0	very disappointing !
0	to top things off , the people who work there are very rude .
0	otherwise you would have stood in line for nothing .
0	free shuttle to strip comes every _num_ min .
0	they charge $ _num_ for in room coffee .
0	and customer service is not their concern .
0	okay , so the rio sucks !
0	nope , if you want coffee , it costs _num_ bucks !
0	i do n't even think motel _num_ does that !
0	oh , and the slot machines suck too .
0	i would say it 's like a holiday inn - basic but nothing special .
0	the sofa and chairs were stained .
0	just think of it as discounted price = no customer service !
0	wtf ?
0	bad idea .
0	they reset my key , not theirs .
0	overall the entire experience could n't be worse .
0	false advertisement !
0	it 's regardless there is an event or not .
0	this was absolutely the worst hotel experience i have ever had .
0	it is getting a bit long in the tooth ... time for a facelift .
0	room service trays were left in the hallway all day .
0	elevators were slow and some not working at all .
0	the rooms are all suites here , which is nice .
0	you wo n't find me coming back again .
0	after complaining to the front desk , we got assigned a new room .
0	well , normal checkout is 11am ( ?
0	so should you choose this casino over others at it 's price point ?
0	room tip : best tip - do n't come to the rio .
0	no fan in bathroom , sinks do n't drain , fridge does n't work .
0	why would you have room cleaning if they do n't do actual cleaning ?
0	their machines are tight too , no such thing as a loose machine here .
0	this is not a suite but a single large square room .
0	i see there are _num_ stars on the main page here for the rio ?
0	still at 2:30 pm no room service .
0	the place is run down : the shower is moldy .
0	they charge you to check in before _num_ pm .
0	i hung up and called back two more times still no one ever answered .
0	so much for getting the room for _num_ bucks a night .
0	turns out the rooftop nightclub is only _num_ floors above us .
0	we could clearly hear partying going on as well .
0	_num_ am comes ... .
0	the club does not close .
0	watch the slot machine aisles , that 's where it 's worst .
0	ridiculous .
0	the people staying here were extremely ghetto as well .
0	i will never book another room at the rio again .
0	horrible or shall i say non existent service pool side .
0	i would not stay here again .
0	the toilets flush so loud ... too loud !
0	$ _num_ a day for internet service in the room is an insult .
0	$ _num_ for a soda from the vending machine is an insult .
0	i was is room _num_ .
0	unnecessary trip to go there anyway .
0	hotel is outdated but is in ok condition .
0	not friendly front desk .
0	no way !
0	i never want to stay in this bed bug infested crap hole again .
0	awful , just awful .
0	dump is the _num_ letter word that best describes this place .
0	horrible experience staying here .
0	they 're called suites but are not very suite like .
0	i did that twice but to date have not received a response .
0	but i probably wouldnt stay here again .
0	this place is big too , easy to get lost .
0	other than that , they 'll never get my money ever again .
0	sometimes you want to just jump on the cab and get to your destination .
0	it absolutely ruined our trip .
0	so , we were n't really able to leave the hotel .
0	no smiles on his face and no suggestions on how things can be better .
0	i did not arrive to check into my room until around 11pm .
0	when i got to my room the second diet coke was gone .
0	i would have hated to see our original room .
0	horrible hotel , shitty casino , really bad customer service .
0	never again will i stay at this casino .
0	rio 's management is horrible .
0	just into the snack shop at the bottom of the hotel tower elevator .
0	only stayed here bc of my convention was here .
0	would not stay again .
0	no entertainment just awful place to be .
0	walls are paper thin so you hear everything .
0	but due to the noise factor i would not recommend staying here .
0	right from the start we were disappointed .
0	why charge for it , if you ca n't even access it ?
0	_num_ a person .
0	my filet was insane !
0	casino looks really run down ... stay on the strip .
0	they have penn & teller as a permanent show .
0	but only for _num_ device .
0	very disappointed children .
0	no complaints but definitely not memorable .
0	i will come back for the event hopefully it would be better food experience .
0	i did not agree to pay additional fees upon check out .
0	the resort fee did not even include internet or coffee .
0	business count on people being too busy to do anything about it .
0	i was very disappointed in my last visit to the rio .
0	unfortunately we could n't opt out .
0	we were charge $ _num_ for each of these items .
0	some guy did n't like us moving poolside chairs into a shade .
0	no one ever showed up to fix it .
0	rather , it 's expensive !
0	had to pay for wifi ( even motel _num_ offers free wifi ) .
0	little thing but with so many choices i will never stay here again .
0	oh and $ _num_ per person for a cabana is insane .
0	disgusting .
0	its more like a motel with poor customer service .
0	so we did and when we came back it still smelled like smoked .
0	the employees rather visit with each other than take care of the guest .
0	no coffee in room .
0	waited _num_ minutes for valet , so we self parked .
0	food looked nasty and the place is filthy .
0	the whole property needs a good pressure wash inside and out .
0	no wonder it 's completely dead for a saturday !
0	no fun waiting in _num_ temperature for a shuttle .
0	the place needs so much work .
0	we booked _num_ rooms and all were crappy .
0	the billing receipts is atrocious !
0	the individual working was very rude and not willing to help .
0	i do not remember rio being this horrible .
0	rude staff and not willing to accommodate guests .
0	do n't stay here if you want a clean room or good customer service .
0	this hotel is very dated and dirty .
0	stores within the casino are very expensive .
0	it is so far off the strip it is very inconvenient .
0	worst stay ever !
0	if i can give negative star i will give them _num_ stars !
0	i 'm not come back to rio ever again !
0	never go to the rio buffet .
0	disappointed , and _num_ dollars short .
0	we just stayed here and not to happy with this hotel .
0	manager was very rude & did n't care & i told him .
0	i said yes i smell it too but that is not my husband .
0	i have never had such a horrible experience at a hotel .
0	i was unable to check in until i finally spoke to a manager .
0	highly disappointed .
0	first thing was you have to pay $ _num_ per day for wifi .
0	not a place i 'd go out if my way to stay at again .
0	needs a serious cleaning , we stayed there because of the convention .
0	this was the worst place to stay even for the price .
0	do n't recommend unless it 's very convenient .
0	luckily the maintenance man arrived within minutes and took only seconds to fix .
0	i 'm never staying there again .
0	do n't waste your money , get the regular suite .
0	overall it was an ok stay and i would stay again .
0	it smelled like a mixture of stale smoke and sewer .
0	so we could n't go anywhere and that was our only free night .
0	expect long lines at check in and long waits at the elevator .
0	we stayed at two hotels , this being the second one .
0	do not stay at rio !
0	rather pay more if i am on vacation ... .
0	we were here during one of vegas ' biggest weekends of the year .
0	is it not enough that we get charged for it in the resort fee ?
0	no thanks .
0	rooms are nice .
0	he has no personality and no word of honor .
0	she told me i would just have to sleep in the cold .
0	i will not stay at the rio again and do not recommend it .
0	stay at mgm , palms , or mandalay bay for the same price .
0	you could tell she did n't like those things either .
0	i ca n't see myself going back anytime soon .
0	no bueno .
0	not much complain about it .
0	no one know anything .
0	i would give a zero because customer service is horrible .
0	wrong !
0	this hotel is cheap but it 's for the reason .
0	they treated us really bad and we had to leave .
0	shampoo and conditioner was all in one .
0	made a reservation at the beginning of this month for a room in august .
0	the room in the movie hangover would n't even take that long to clean .
0	card does n't work to open the door .
0	same goes for mgm or mandalay bay hotels !
0	the staff appear to have no interest .
0	peeling wallpaper , chipped paint , etc .
0	they made no mention of this until checkout .
0	i have stayed all over the world and have never seen this setup .
0	beds were mushy .
0	i hate it .
0	unless you like being disappointed in which case the rio is for you .
0	lots of add on costs and ridiculously expensive food and drinks .
0	it 's the worst hotel i 've ever stayed in .
0	not the attention to detail i was looking for !
0	the older rooms are really falling apart .
0	the only good thing was the maid that cleaned our room .
0	it 's not on the strip , it 's across the highway .
0	and the bath room shows mold .
0	food at the buffet were horrible .
0	never staying at rio 's again .
0	the wifi is not consistently works in the room .
0	i could n't find coffee in the room .
0	tea is only available through the room services ( more tips and fees ) .
0	no class at all .
0	old tower rooms are old .
0	always on hold _num_ or _num_ mins .
0	she told me to call _num_ _num_ minutes later .
0	worst experience ever .
0	i wish i did n't even have to give them the star !
0	extremely disappointed !
0	added fees upon check-in .
0	they sat us in the bar with loud tvs and yelling people .
0	this is my worst review ever , so i 'll stop now .
0	the young lady was very helpful to my girlfriend about giving her directions .
0	well the place that sells breakfast does n't open until 8am .
0	it would n't check me out .
0	i will never return and glad to tell friends not to either .
0	they charge $ _num_ for ( _num_ ) k cups of coffee , really !
0	this place has a bull shit staff that refuses to assist anyone on anything .
0	nothing could have been farther from the truth .
0	( _num_ ) .
0	waited in line for an hour to get our room ( no exaggeration ) .
0	idiots .
0	some facilities such as lamp were not working at all .
0	would give this place negative stars if i could .
0	sure enough sunday is apparently not considered a weekend to these people .
0	worst room service in las vegas .
0	they even give you plastic silverware with your very overpriced food .
0	sitting here with no wifi .
0	all this money for a room with no internet access at all .
0	terrible customer service .
0	first time here at the rio hotel and i 'm dissapointed .
0	this place is gross .
0	it 's too bad .
0	but no more .
0	rooms are old and outdated , definitely not kid friendly .
0	what a huge disappointment !
0	but you get what you pay for , my stay overall was pretty cheap .
0	_num_ night stay in a suite for under $ _num_ .
0	and another issue is that they need elevators near the end of the hotels !
0	the alcohol in the gift shop is ridiculous !
0	again , another long wait now in _num_ degree heat .
0	horrible first night experience so far .
0	really , rio ?
0	the rio : whatever .
0	only one elevator is working .
0	would not stay here again .
0	the rooms are nice and big , but the place is lacking in service .
0	just seems kinda cheap .
0	stay away from the sunday brunch buffet .
0	do n't believe their advertised low rates of $ _num_ per night .
0	this is so wrong and should be against the law .
0	bathroom counter , broken and dirty .
0	unacceptable !
0	they jus not seem to care .
0	poorly thought out design .
0	sadly the rio is no longer on my list of acceptable options .
0	i felt so disgusting .
0	and , i let it run for _num_ solid minutes on both mornings !
0	from the looks of yelp , the other tower seems to be newer .
0	( by the way , calling this place `` all suites '' is misleading .
0	check-in is a nightmare .
0	you can get much better food elsewhere for a lot less money .
0	checkout is nearly as bad as check-in .
0	could not do tv in room or online check out .
0	will not be staying here again .
0	not even a credit for my next trip ?
0	will not return to rio .
0	this place is terrible and unsafe .
0	does n't work .
0	the lines to check in were outrageous .
0	my hotel clerk was brand new , very slow and nervous .
0	there was no room service menu and the tv would n't work .
0	they failed to tell us it was a handicap shower .
0	this place is a dump and the staff is really rude .
0	oh , and the casino floor smelled really bad of sewer !
0	ick .
0	that 's not how we wanted to start our evening .
0	not this one : - ( i wo n't be back !
0	i would never stay here again .
0	they tried to sign me up for a visa card .
0	shower heads are disgusting .
0	but a word of warning , dont use the valet service .
0	they are only worth about $ _num_ a night .
0	worst hotel in vegas .
0	went to security and they did nothing .
0	this place is better off without a security department .
0	no running water at 3am .
0	staff needs a lot of training in how to work with people .
0	this trip , i am very disappointed with the room .
0	the shower area is leaking water and it 's just disgusting .
0	do not stay here !
0	they refused to do anything to make up for their booking mistakes .
0	do n't fall for it .
0	such a disappointment .
0	like i said , these rooms at the rio are not suites !
0	gave it a week before i write this so i could cool off .
0	that 's why this is ridiculous , i bought it straight from an associate .
0	the customer service crap .
0	spent _num_ nights at the rio this past weekend .
0	night _num_ : no hot water .
0	shame on me .
0	the registration clerk , lauren , was not helpful nor trained in customer service .
0	rio staff , i would like to be refunded for my stay .
0	no breakfast buffet as the buffet opens at 11am and considered as lunch .
0	usually , there are basic amenities for new years that were not present .
0	i would give them _num_ if it 's possible !
0	upon entering the room , a very awful smell hit us .
0	so we booked for the night due to plumbing issues at our home .
0	worst experience ever .
0	very dissatisfied and disappointed .
0	no water !
0	ok ... no $ _num_ for a $ _num_ bottle for me .
0	my company is mostly caters to older people .
0	i am not a fan .
0	upon arrival we were very excited for a weekend away .
0	i only gave _num_ stars because the pool is nice .
0	the furniture was broken it was just horrible .
0	worst hotel experience in my entire life .
0	the lines outside the hotel owned starbucks are ridiculous .
0	there were some very friendly staff and others not so much .
0	but the furniture are very old .
0	stay away from this place like the plague .
0	this was n't the bust of our trip , though .
0	no apology .
0	i would hate for anyone to have to experience the service that we received .
0	one phone in the room did n't work .
0	this place is garbage , i wo n't be staying their again .
0	rio is by far the worst !
0	worst location !
0	one of the worst nights ever .
0	does maintenance not check anything ?
0	the trash bags were missing .
0	lamp on the table , broken .
0	customer service is terrible !
0	disgusting !
0	worst hotel ever !
0	seriously , save your money and do n't go here .
0	to begin my room was not properly stocked with soap and lotion upon arrival .
0	each employee with the exception of two displayed nasty attitudes .
0	the beds sleep as if the bought them used from the motel _num_ .
0	terrible customer service .
0	not anymore .
0	the rio just does n't have it anymore .
0	tv with cable in room .
0	poor building maintenance .
0	not in central location .
0	my roommate and i stayed here for a convention in april _num_ .
0	i mean , come on .
0	the beds are very uncomfortable and the pillows are like sacks of cotton balls .
0	service was kind of rude on the phone .
0	i checked in and could not hear anything the staff was saying .
0	the rooms are dated and the furniture is in poor condition .
0	they said they cant remove furniture from the meeting rooms .
0	do n't stay here .
0	the restaurants are expensive here and long lines .
0	worst experience of my life .
0	i never write reviews ; however , this requires one .
0	all of this , with my own money .
0	avoid rio at all costs .
0	room quality i find to be similar .
0	worst hotel in the caesars group !
0	very poor excuses for a so called upscale room .
0	you want a suite go to a more upscale place .
0	we ate at the hash house , not good .
0	and yes resort fee $ _num_ a day .
0	but overall not worth it .
0	it 's honestly not worth the money .
0	very long walk to the meeting rooms making it not handicap friendly .
0	no coffee , not enough food , etc .
0	there are people sitting on the floor because there 's not enough seats .
0	too many better choices in this town to stay here .
0	it 's disgusting - old room from the _num_ 's .
0	the worst part of the resort for me was the front desk .
0	that does n't include the price of printing a boarding pass ?
0	ugh .
0	the food is n't good .
0	only one bank of elevators stops at 9th floor .
0	maybe if she gets enough calls , they 'll consider fixing the elevators .
0	the staff , mediocre .
0	the decor , we 'll you get the idea .
0	i will no longer stay at the rio .
0	ive eaten here once .
0	okay , it could have been better .
0	food : the food was tasty , but unfortunately i 've had better .
0	unfortunately , i probably would n't go here again .
0	the lamb vindaloo was not good at all .
0	chicken very dry .
0	worst customer service !
0	go fuck yourself bro , you 're a grown ass man selling dirt bikes .
0	i have been here several times and the service is pretty poor .
0	one of the most condescending experiences i 've ever had .
0	and we very rude about it .
0	so horrible i ca n't even tell you !
0	save yourself some trouble and do not stay here .
0	the hotel itself is n't anything to write to elvis about .
0	what a mistake .
0	the first taste was n't any better .
0	i 'd rate it a zero if i could .
0	overall not impressed .
0	gross .
0	i waited _num_ minutes , spoke to _num_ different employees and nobody did anything .
0	you 're busy and lazy and understaffed .
0	reason _num_ : this is in an older shopping plaza .
0	what a mistake .
0	second , the store is simply not clean .
0	the shelves are a mess too .
0	trash blowing around .
0	too bad those people are now gone .
0	they renovated the place and many of the old faces seem to be gone .
0	the store employees always seem unhappy .
0	this store sucks .
0	nothing top secret .
0	store manager , just shrugged her shoulders .
0	one of my most least pleasant walgreens experiences ever .
0	was told by another tech that pharmacist was waiting for me to come in .
0	no apology whatsoever .
0	no customer service .
0	no hi , no how are you ... nothing .
0	i was in a hurry and waited for _num_ minutes .
0	did n't wait so much time in walgreen 's before .
0	worst customer service .
0	i am here shopping for about _num_ mins looking for what i need .
0	i 'd give this place a _num_ or negative stars if i could .
0	horrible place .
0	i got a headache from staying there too long .
0	i rather pay a little extra for better quality .
0	easy call , skip this place .
0	i was sitting right next to them listening , like two jealous school girls .
0	burger was pretty bad as were fries .
0	i live within a block ... wo n't go back .
0	no thank you i will not be back .
0	mark was drunk and disrespectful i will never return again .
0	we like bar food and , beer , pool and good music .
0	all empty at that time of day .
0	there were probably about _num_ people total in there including the bartender .
0	we had chicken strips and pretzel bites and some excellent fries .
0	the famous burritos on rainbow is gone .
0	we are very sorry they are gone .
0	the _num_ stars is all for the shuffleboard and pool table .
0	the pizzeria is terrible .
0	we love this bar , but the service at the pizzeria is terrible .
0	i would seriously give this place _num_ stars !
0	very rude service being that they are working at a medical place .
0	i suggest or recommend to go to a different medical center / hospital please !
0	zero stars .
0	this is the worst place ever .
0	there was no sense of urgency .
0	long story short .
0	waiting another _num_ mins .
0	worst medical facility ever !
0	it was nasty .
0	he was so rude and condescending !
0	i used to work at an urgent care so i know how it works .
0	it 's been _num_ hours now and still _num_ people ahead of us .
0	the receptionist input my info while i was filling out paperwork .
0	the worst urgent care i have been time .
0	they really listen to your problem & do their best to access it .
0	aside from that , the waiting room is freezing !
0	then fremont or one of the healthcare partners companies is covered under your insurance .
0	disappointed in our health care system .
0	she spent maybe _num_ minutes with me and left .
0	def gon na have to see a real doctor soon .
0	if you need a screw or a part , go to hd .
0	not going to shop at that location again .
0	they have the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
0	mashed potatoes are usually a little more consistent .
0	do n't waste your time at this location .
0	does pizza hut run out of pizza ?
0	first time i have ever given a _num_ star ever as a review .
0	the _num_ star is due to its el pollo loco taste .
0	just this one tends to be a lot slower .
0	very very bad service .
0	they are always looking to rip off .
0	employee : yeah none is ready .
0	employee : ok but will be _num_ minutes .
0	employee : yeah but is _num_ minutes you wait .
0	enough said !
0	very unhappy .
0	if i could , i probably would 've wanted to talk to a manager .
0	rude .
0	the place is never packed at those hours .
0	_num_ or _num_ people at the most not that hard or a job .
0	maybe they 'll get more business and better tips !
0	are you kidding me ?
0	portions are very large , food is good , not great .
0	i went based on the ratings here but was very disappointed .
0	for the price , i would expect a lot better .
0	i can only guess she did n't care .
0	this was our worst meal during our _num_ day vegas vacation .
0	`` your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning . ''
0	quit watching the game and get me our drinks .
0	this is a terrible way to keep customers .
0	worst apartments ever .
0	i would stay very far away from here ... very shady management .
0	this place has bugs problem .
0	however customer service is key .
0	real a $ $ holes .
0	should not even be in business if this guy represents them .
0	i will not be going back !
0	i ordered mixed veggies with tofu and hot tea - $ _num_ ?
0	that sucks .
0	there are any number of better thai places than this .
0	and the owner is a bad singer !
0	girl was so so rude !
0	i was driving down decatur and noticed their lunch special advertisement on the building .
0	ummm , wrong !
0	um ok -- sorry that is all that i have right now .
0	the food is garbage , and the service is worse .
0	the place smells pretty bad .
0	the food is mediocre and for the size of the portions , overpriced .
0	they are such a horrible company !
0	if you are just looking for great smoothies , then this is the place .
0	avoid !
0	worst customer service ever !
0	no taste of fruit whatsoever .
0	i am never coming back to this horrible location .
0	not impressed by this location .
0	worst tropical smoothie in vegas .
0	the rude employee named jasmine says `` so are you gon na order ? ''
0	i love tropical smoothie , but the wait here at this location was ridiculous .
0	i walk in and no one welcomed me .
0	this location was disgusting .
0	i 'm forced to give this place one star .
0	waited almost a half an hour for nothing .
0	hire or schedule more employees !
0	sometimes the wait is like _num_ minutes long just for one drink .
0	this wait here is ridiculous .
0	this place is the worst !
0	anyway my sunset sunrise smoothie was good .
0	the chipotle flat bread was okay .
0	only _num_ employee was working .
0	she said that adding the second test would give complete results .
0	i accepted the fee of $ _num_ .
0	she said for $ _num_ , she recommends a third test .
0	the third test would definitely produce complete results .
0	no thank you .
0	they refused to book an appointment for the mistake to be corrected .
0	my poor dog .
0	poor wallet too .
0	the grooming service here has been terrible twice .
0	not a fan .
0	no thank you , never again .
0	there are way too many better options for similar prices .
0	the staff are n't at fault at all .
0	do n't say that no one warned you .
0	the soda smells and tastes like mildew .
0	it was getting uncomfortable .
0	i already filed a report to the health department .
0	with a picture .
0	i am very disappointed .
0	i hate this gym .
0	sometimes it smells and it 's not necessarily the people around me .
0	the place is not that bad but its really crowded on late afternoon .
0	everytime i used their bathroom there 's so many crap around .
0	but occasionally i think , let me give it another shot .
0	but most of the time , it 's disappointing and i regret my decision .
0	i say meh because there 's nothing that great about this gym .
0	it gets really hot down there , especially during the summer .
0	the ac is not even adequate .
0	cheap , ghetto gym at its finest .
0	the associate was helpful , but could not find the policy .
0	this place sucks at maintenance .
0	i 'm not from vegas but i 'm a member of _num_ .
0	the staff does n't really go out of there way to help you .
0	had a cold sore on his lip so that was very questionable .
0	they turn down potential customers here .
0	that one seemed really ghetto and the service was unacceptable .
0	never again , do n't even step foot in there .
0	this gym does not replace old or broken equipment .
0	poor customer service !
0	the men 's locker room is the equivalent of a gas station restroom .
0	i would not recommend this gym .
0	no courtesy visit .
0	dislike _num_ hour fitness off west tropicana .
0	and i knew locker room n bathroom was dirty .
0	locker room and restrooms were clean !
0	even after remodeling i 'm not sure why they were closed for _num_ days .
0	i 'm gon na look for different gym or start going to other location .
0	mind you , this is the send time this has occurred .
0	goodbye _num_ hour fitness tropicana , las vegas .
0	that gym team is horrible !
0	i will not be back .
0	the customer service here is terrible .
0	no calls , no emails .
0	one star .
0	this place is not worth ordering from !
0	not to mention , the complaint about the pizza was also not taken lightly !
0	i have never had such horrible service or food !
0	the toppings inside the calzone were cold as well .
0	the sauce was straight from a can ... this place was slow .
0	i feel very sorry for his employees .
0	the pizza is terrible !
0	that 's where it stops .
0	do n't support places like this !
0	he would n't even give me basic information without a very bad attitude .
0	very stupid .
0	rude management and the worst service .
0	_num_ '' pepperoni was $ _num_ .
0	as far as menu is concerned , sushi factory was pretty spot on .
0	they were slow and forgot orders .
0	i already have a bread a butter all-you-can-eat sushi place .
0	i probably ate _num_ % of my meal , not including the rice .
0	i do n't like this place .
0	i ate here for valentines day it was sooooo busy .
0	this place everytime i used to go there , smelled gross .
0	i ca n't give half a star so one star will be my rating .
0	it says `` _num_ minute limit '' on their menu .
0	i 'm charging for pictures next time .
0	would give a zero rating if possible .
0	worst experience ever .
0	i always feel kind of bad giving a one or two star review .
0	i did the ayce with my date .
0	thank goodness they brought me out sake to begin with .
0	big mistake .
0	food appearance - lacking to the point of being `` iffy '' .
0	that is terrible customer service .
0	wonder there was no wait , the place is n't much to brag about .
0	this place is n't worth it .
0	this sushi was disgusting .
0	sushi is n't just deep fried and full of cream cheese .
0	about _num_ minutes after not receiving anything , we asked about our orders .
0	after the night we had , i doubt i 'll be coming back again .
0	$ _num_ for ayce .
0	the chefs ' sushi making seemed very inexperienced .
0	that 's so laughable .
0	wrong !
0	worst service !
0	ayce sushi during dinner always have more than _num_ chefs , promotion or not .
0	_num_ ) the hosts waiting list was on little sheets of loose leaf paper .
0	_num_ ) that was the cheapest looking sushi place i have ever been to .
0	probably the worst california roll i 've ever had .
0	epic nom nom fail !
0	i regret the day that i contacted this company .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
0	do not rent or work with this company in any regard .
0	poor customer service , horrible communication .
0	this business is terrible .
0	john brown is super sketchy and now his office wo n't answer the phone .
0	should 've gone with my gut .
0	hair looks bad and i 'm unhappy .
0	as a stylist why would you book _num_ min .
0	apart knowing it will take longer than _num_ minutes to cut and highlight .
0	he just sat in the chair playing with his phone .
0	he does n't know what he 's doing .
0	i 'm sure he knew how horrible he messed up my hair .
0	it could n't be anymore obvious !
0	i bit my tongue and folded my arms and waited another ten minutes .
0	they were acting like my car was falling apart or something .
0	i 'm not normally impatient .
0	they gave me a small list of things that needed to be done .
0	basic , basic , basic .
0	in this economy its there lose because i will never go back again .
0	what the hell do i need to steal anything from sally 's for ?
0	it 's not surprising , since it 's vegas .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
0	chicken chow mien was too soupy and just okay .
0	but again , i did n't actually taste them .
0	our sushi sat at the sushi counter for _num_ mins .
0	the food is mediocre and very not worth the wait .
0	the oyster place in the same hotel is a better choice .
0	we ate , or tried to eat here tonight .
0	no -- -no .
0	it 's been probably over five years now .
0	i can see if the restaurant was packed , but it was not .
0	egg drop soup should not be like stew .
0	they protect their friends living here not the rest !
0	etc worst experience i 've had ever !
0	notice this place has no good reviews ?
0	avoid this place like the plague and save your money .
0	did n't even get a full _num_ minutes .
0	avoid this place like the plague .
0	i walk out bad attitudes do n't have time to waste .
0	horrible just horrible !
0	do not waste your money .
0	do n't drop off your packages here whatever you do .
0	i 've been here on several occasions in the _num_ months .
0	i 've made _num_ purchases : _num_ dresses & _num_ tank top .
0	where is my chicken and potato or chicken and string beans ?
0	my mom flew in for a visit and was craving chinese .
0	nope did n't understand .
0	bad customer service .
0	stupid !
0	ordered simple orange chicken because most bins were empty .
0	rude , bored employees .
0	if i was the owner , i 'd spend more time here .
0	you wo n't see me back here again .
0	car trouble sucks .
0	it did n't sound too costly , so they repaired it .
0	and driving with your chains on concrete is n't good either .
0	no refund on chains , which they never told us at first .
0	not cool man , not cool .
0	fix my car already !
0	there was a strong smell and smoke coming from my brakes .
0	i went to just brakes since that 's where i get my pads replaced .
0	i was n't gon na pay that price .
0	i brushed it off and walked in to pick up a few items .
0	pep boys are known as thieves and try to rip you off .
0	but they still insisted that i need to replace a/c with new parts .
0	i will drive an additional _num_ miles to another location next time .
0	i say fine get it , dot need it but get it .
0	also i waited for over _num_ hours .
0	never again total idiots here .
0	negative !
0	these guys are complete scam artist , do n't go !
0	the cashier lady was super nice .
0	but no thank you .
0	waste of my time .
0	horrible horrible .
0	then why did n't you tell us that before we came down ?
0	came here on a wednesday with an appointment , it looked slow .
0	the bathroom is disgusting !
0	banquet room is _num_ stars .
0	theirs had way too much fish sauce .
0	disgusting !
0	because of this , our table of _num_ did not feel welcome at all .
0	all the items that came in the platter looked sadly unappetizing !
0	second , their food is way too expensive for a poor quality .
0	it was such a disappointment going there .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	i eat this place and the service was horrible .
0	so dry that we didnt touch it .
0	no apology from anyone and still had to pay for my food .
0	there was n't much of an option because it was late at night .
0	it did n't have much of a strong flavor for me .
0	it s not a place to eat and to tell people to try .
0	we could 've cooked a better version at home .
0	i give them _num_ stars for the egg .
0	unfortunately , i was not overly impressed .
0	however , as far as first impressions go , this place is just so-so .
0	i do n't remember anything on the item tasting all that good .
0	bad business !
0	the price point is wrong too .
0	and the sushi is borderline gross .
0	why is nobody say anything before we be seated ?
0	guess what , they are not even warm ... .
0	money not so well spent .
0	conclusion : i would never come back unless someone else paid for me .
0	- the desert selection looked disgusting .
0	- udon noodles looked dry .
0	the hot food ranges from bad to mediocre .
0	_num_ star for that alone .
0	avoid if you can .
0	its cheap and low quality food .
0	however , this place is more expensive and japanese version .
0	i 've been searching for the best ayce .
0	this place has gone downhill .
0	this place sucks .
0	after being a customer for _num_ years , we wo n't be back .
0	i used to have seaweed salad every lunch time and good salad selections .
0	i will not go there again .
0	other than the atmosphere , the food was alright .
0	for that price , i expected more .
0	is this some kind of odd mexican fusion restaurant now ?
0	ok , so this place is no longer a sushi place .
0	i will not be back .
0	mexican style sushi place .
0	the food was nothing to write home about .
0	also some other cold plate area .
0	ummm if you hate your job , do n't let it show .
0	why is the entire dessert section either soggy and still partially frozen ?
0	they put all the food away at 2:30 and i mean all .
0	they take it off the buffet and out it away .
0	i have never received such bad service .
0	just pick it up but i went last time .
0	it gets _num_ stars because the value for the price is not great .
0	las vegas has many ayce sushi places .
0	no more salmon at _num_ pm ?
0	its not worth it to pay $ _num_ .
0	it all went downhill from there .
0	$ _num_ for a seafood buffet off the strip .
0	this is our third visit here and quality has gotten worse each time .
0	they do have a lot of different selections for sushi rolls and nigiri .
0	that 's probably why i have n't came in a long time .
0	they are really gross .
0	i do n't know guys , i do n't get it .
0	you can also get a huge buffet and endless crab legs at many casinos .
0	if i can give this place a zero , i would .
0	you should be ashamed to charge _num_ for this .
0	first off it 's $ _num_ for a pretzel and a drink .
0	if you want any kind of sauce it 's another $ _num_ .
0	tacky !
0	totally lame !
0	this shuttle is the worst .
0	i will never use this shuttle again .
0	this was n't my first time .
0	i wo n't be back again .
0	i just switched the bags , i had n't opened it . ''
0	well it was just really insulting to me , he does n't know me .
0	just avoid this location if you can .
0	girl that answer apologized about it and she was sorry for him being unprofessional .
0	no , thank you , that 's not what i needed .
0	i am very disappointed .
0	what a rip-off !
0	this business does not use customer service practices .
0	the manger and owner guy stated it was my fault .
0	extremely disappointed !
0	i went today for a car wash and they have a new ownership .
0	i came back _num_ minutes later to find the car still sitting there .
0	i checked and yes it did not move .
0	the car wash itself was shabby at best .
0	( it is n't their place to move my seat setting . )
0	i said he could give me a coupon for something off .
0	the car wash itself was shabby at best .
0	though they are mostly friendly , this is just silly .
0	not true .
0	i could not remove it myself , so i asked for help .
0	i 'm sorry i understand things go up but not _num_ .
0	my car is n't very dirty in the first place .
0	i do n't even know where to start this place is soo horrible .
0	place is sad .
0	stay away , they do not deserve your money .
0	well the inside if my car was not clean .
0	the owner nor the manager would not admit their mistake .
0	horrible service and run business .
0	first , someone needs to check this car wash place out for insurance fraud .
0	my car was not cleaned at all .
0	this was a very rush job .
0	zero stars .
0	yeah , no !
0	not $ _num_ .
0	do not do business with these people .
0	the only issue i have is the toilets or plumbing on the house .
0	very dismissive , unhelpful , usually rude .
0	it will be a constant frustration .
0	do n't waste your time or money !
0	$ _num_ to $ _num_ for a fast food burger ?
0	terrible service .
0	over-priced food and an overall lack of caring .
0	early morning visit approx 3am .
0	i 've never tried fatburger in my life .
0	i 'd be more understanding if the place was busy but it was not .
0	wo n't be returning .
0	in total i was in there for _num_ min .
0	wo n't be going back .
0	it 's 11pm , myself and _num_ other guys walk in .
0	night crew sitting around too lazy to work .
0	why are posted hours till 1am .
0	and the burger is worse now .
0	went late and had park in back and hope i did n't get towed .
0	not true to the fat burger quality and service anymore .
0	this was worse than the first time .
0	i 'm not sure why i 've tried these guys more than once .
0	first time at this location and my favorite burger was _num_ % ruined .
0	should have just driven away , worst , liquid , overpriced shake ever .
0	extremely rude and very unhelpful .
0	my recommendation is that nobody else bother him either .
0	omg , i really dont know how these guys are still in business .
0	these guys have no clue what customer service is .
0	i 'm not gon na even waste my time with them anymore .
0	until they go back to the original recipe i will no longer eat here .
0	there is no zen at this buddha dump .
0	ah well , it happens .
0	the chicken in the chow mein was not edible .
0	it was so fatty and disgusting looking .
0	our two boys were so excited to go for the first time .
0	service - sucked , and they got my ribeye wrong !
0	alize is the biggest disappointment in las vegas .
0	the only thing this place has going for it is the view .
0	let me tell you it 's gone downhill .
0	they simply were n't very good .
0	this is the review of the restaurant week _num_ prix fixe menu .
0	because it was so hard , it was n't nice to eat either .
0	the worst dish of the evening - the chicken dish .
0	it 's like pouring chocolate over chocolate - it 's a little too much .
0	not at all satisfied even with the discount price i paid .
0	ambiance - positive two stars
0	food - negative one star
0	he said it would cost too much to set a table just for dessert .
0	ok , that is it i have said too much .
0	but they sure ask a lot of money for the view .
0	i honestly did not know you could mess up scallops .
0	and some fishy paste , blah !
0	but apparently , he is n't paid to listen .
0	after it was sent back , it came back still kicking around .
0	the entire table had a taste and would n't eat the remaining .
0	i feel i have to say about my terrible experience in alize .
0	i will never ever spend that much money for alright steak with terrible service .
0	the flavors are overly complex , overly sweet and unimpressive .
0	the duck breast was nearly white it was so over cooked .
0	drinks are expensive like every where else in vegas .
0	it was n't what i 'm used to .
0	kalbi was dry and really stringy .
0	dont think we 'll be ordering from here again .
0	then they asked me if i was japanese and i told them yes .
0	the sushi was adequate , and the calamari was appalling .
0	not good .
0	orange chicken tasted stale , very stale .
0	leave sushi to the japanese .
0	avoid this place like the plague .
0	without even asking , they brought me edamame and miso soup .
0	maybe some people like this , but i sure did n't .
0	another typical bad sign is when you ca n't order directly from the chef .
0	horrible presentation .
0	poor explanation of sushi and ice cream .
0	prices are terrible !
0	_num_ minutes went by again , no first round .
0	very disappointing .
0	my husband , two friends and i went for their all you can eat .
0	worst sushi ever .
0	this is not sushi .
0	just tasted bland .
0	i had the worst experience ever !
0	im not sure i would have finished my orders .
0	when we addressed it they said it was okay and proceeded on talking shit .
0	sad that they keep change server and change chef .
0	service is tremendously slow .
0	that 's not my problem !
0	horrible service !
0	overall , i 've had much better .
0	not that great .
0	miso soup was way too salty .
0	she then proceeded to put the menu into the stand without cleaning it .
0	in all of my life i have not seen this before .
0	this is why people get sick .
0	there are so many better options close by for ayce sushi .
0	i do n't know how this place received such high rating .
0	not fresh and fishy .
0	typical ayce price .
0	would not come back .
0	i believe they have a yelp checkin discount which probably gave them more stars .
0	would n't come here if you paid me .
0	this place does not deserve the stars that it has !
0	worst customer service ever .
0	the food is not even authentic .
0	would n't come back here .
0	if you love sushi then you know it is not cheap .
0	my edamame was mushy and the seaweed salad was meh .
0	the supposedly fresh oyster is not so fresh .
0	the servers could n't remember the names of the rolls .
0	not fresh .
0	service was friendly , but inattentive .
0	they were trying to charge me for the dinner price !
0	worst experience ever .
0	do n't waste your time here .
0	the worst service i have had .
0	the server only brought after we asked for it .
0	the rolls were just ok - there are better places out there .
0	will not come again and will not suggest to any of my friends .
0	even the pickled ginger was flavorless and harsh to eat .
0	i ca n't believe it is still in business .
0	all the pieces of the rolls were literally falling apart .
0	the sushi rice tasted very sour like it was a few days old .
0	this is not what i call sushi .
0	disappointed that they had run out of tempura green tea ice cream .
0	do n't like the scam they 're running for the check-in discount .
0	the last 1/2 star is for the deep fried oreo .
0	not cute .
0	not tasty .
0	he comes back sometime later with the same dish with the same chicken cooked .
0	they charge _num_ % for parties of _num_ or more , dinner is _num_ .
0	this server was the worst .
0	then towards the end i asked for the check and a togo box .
0	that 's not my issue .
0	customer service deserves negative stars .
0	this lack of competition also makes them not care about marketing .
0	it 's why i 'm giving them _num_ stars .
0	it 's like they might as well not even exist .
0	i gave this place _num_ star because of the materials they stock .
0	that said , the customer service is appalling .
0	the food is not so good .
0	not going there again .
0	i signed up for yelp just so i could leave this review .
0	this is the worst denny 's i 've ever been to .
0	if i was n't so hungry is leave this place .
0	we had to ask another waiter after _num_ mins to get our drinks .
0	slow service but semi professional .
0	wo n't be going back to this location .
0	but this location is very dirty .
0	she never even refilled my ice tea .
0	stinks .
0	she looks at me and goes huh ?
0	after waiting _num_ minutes .
0	unbelievable that the offered us two different table across the room from each other !
0	most likely will not be coming here again .
0	sad because _num_ months ago we had the same experience .
0	if i could give zero stars , i would .
0	shame on the city .
0	it 'll be okay , she 'll deserve it .
0	not a hello welcome or anything .
0	i 'm just so disappointed with their customer care attitude .
0	not a good start .
0	_num_ star .
0	not !
0	but las vegas water district did nothing !
0	wait time on their customer service hot line is outrageously long .
0	most of all very rude .
0	are you effing kidding me ?
0	i 'm going to call them everyday until i get my damn money back .
0	only two locations remain they are in new mexico and washington .
0	so i just decide to take them .
0	never in my life have a been so pissed of with someone .
0	the place needs fixing in the visual sense and more structure in their organization .
0	too bad i used to like it not going back !
0	i hate this place .
0	the staff did n't know my insurance after being there three times .
0	i now understand why they have only _num_ stars out of _num_ reviews .
0	ca n't even help a veteran out .
0	worst location ever !
0	i was just going in for a fix it nail .
0	the lady was just rude .
0	very messy , long lines of people .
0	which makes sense of all the trash !
0	my surgeon gets _num_ stars .
0	the office staff is so rude and lazy .
0	overall , i do not regret my surgery , i regret using them .
0	not too impressed .
0	they only fixed what the eye could see .
0	do not use this lady !
0	the office has the worse front desk staff and billing ever experienced .
0	okay - other than that , there 's really nothing to see .
0	secondly this place sucks .
0	the employees are ok but the manager is incompetent .
0	the place is ridiculously dirty .
0	the parent was in the actual dining room , not the play area room .
0	i wo n't return here !
0	crappy club rentals .
0	too may nice courses in lv to play this dump .
0	terrible !
0	this course is not maintained at all .
0	you ca n't find a cheaper place around to practice at .
0	i wish i had looked this place up on yelp before i played here .
0	what happened , conditions have been getting worse here .
0	terrible customer service .
0	ran me away with ease .
0	places like this should not be running .
0	the lines are n't clean and the ink is n't consistent .
0	well there are still trouble shooting steps that you can take . ''
0	this is not a way to save money for the company ... .
0	but this place is definitely a zero in my book .
0	bad products .
0	not worth .
0	i am so glad to be making my last payment to this location .
0	they do n't know how to enter payments , change info etc .
0	if i 'm at work , i can not answer your call .
0	i will never rent anything from a rent a center again .
0	i 'm better off going to a different furniture company .
0	i hate seeing good people get treated like garbage .
0	please do not waste your time coming here for glasses .
0	when i first walked in , everyone was friendly enough .
0	so again , i asked him to quote me the price .
0	why make an appointment if you do n't honor them ?
0	ed and jessica are the worst .
0	a week ago jessica agreed to refund me _num_ dollars .
0	no management skills .
0	the quality of furniture is very low end .
0	this particular location is weird .
0	_num_ small stromboli and _num_ antipasto salad please .
0	_num_ waters .
0	i 'm thinking ... did n't we have this conversation an hour ago ?
0	the bartender will not take your food order .
0	it was as if she was on medication or something worse .
0	very uncomfortable to watch other folks eat .
0	very disappointing .
0	but i do n't judge a book by its cover .
0	bar food in a dirty run down place .
0	rude bartenders .
0	arrived here at 6:30 am on sunday morning .
0	it put me off my feed and i had to leave .
0	my first hand experience is as follows .
0	cheap .
0	ca n't smoke in the restaurant side .
0	_num_ tvs on sports channels and some video poker inside .
0	i recall having a pepperoni and mushroom pizza that was mostly grease and dough .
0	primo , i 'm not a fan of carpets where you serve food .
0	have any of you actually had a stromboli before ?
0	my friends meatball sandwhich was cold .
0	the waitress asked me what was wrong and i explained to her the situation .
0	the customer service sucked .
0	it did not live up to the hype and expectations .
0	then there 's the smell .
0	lousy atmosphere and sketchy cooks .
0	i am at a loss on why people like to come here .
0	this is certainly not a place fork people who want to eat healthy .
0	while the server was nice and polite the food was horrible .
0	pizza hut or any national chain has better pizza based fare than this place .
0	save yourself the trouble and avoid this experience .
0	the only thing that tasted good was the coleslaw .
0	disappointed .
0	really ... ... _num_ stars ?
0	the wait staff and bartenders are rude .
0	the cajun fries are just fries tossed in buffalo sauce .
0	overall , i wo n't be back .
0	absolutely no ventilation .
0	atmosphere is a _num_ .
0	the food is crap at best and inconsistent all the time .
0	not liking it anymore .
0	now back to the dirty dining situation this place could use some love .
0	not so much for me .
0	quit so someone who wants to work can do it .
0	i wo n't be going there again .
0	she blew me off and told me i will have to wait .
0	people pay for the service you provide and your service is terrible .
0	had a _num_ dollar coupon from their web sight .
0	i ordered a hamburger with lettuce , tomato , pickles , and onions .
0	i got a soggy , disgusting pile of trash with cheese and ketchup .
0	i would not recommend using this place .
0	price for both w/ coffee - $ _num_ .
0	$ _num_ menu states comes with your choice of potatoes and veggies .
0	we are vegetarians , do n't eat any meat other than fish .
0	disappointed !
0	so limit you visits to breakfast , we will if we return .
0	and the ugly .
0	all in all , i would not go back .
0	the worst .
0	rude rude rude .
0	no music !
0	no more !
0	it seems like it was at least _num_ pages long !
0	next month you pay $ _num_ for water and $ _num_ for lights !
0	i will leave the points for the decorations to other reviewer .
0	she had never tried any of the food .
0	average _num_ star .
0	the food was okay but nothing special .
0	really dim lights .
0	no sound .
0	do n't waste your money !
0	she said she would credit my card back for the missing items .
0	now i remember why i do n't try new places .
0	get your act together chinese village !
0	we tried a couple of different items that were just disappointing .
0	it 's so sad to see where this place gone .
0	tasted like it had sat in the garbage for a day .
0	i only went because everyone says they have awesome apple fritters .
0	wo n't go back .
0	the dining room is just awful .
0	what ... the ... fuck ?
0	save that nonsense .
0	no , sorry .
0	its such a mess !
0	the most pathetic excuse for a salon .
0	-- -- _num_ stars !
0	this is the worst place i have ever had my hair done !
0	no selection , and unhappy and unhelpful sales people .
0	ok if i could give this place _num_ stars , i would .
0	i work at the mall also , so i know customer service is priority .
0	bad customer service .
0	they are not even sure if i can cancel my order after _num_ weeks .
0	`` cough drops ? ''
0	and whatever does , i do n't want to know .
0	i could n't get help because no one seemed to understand english .
0	at the end of the transaction she gives me the ten dollars off anyway .
0	the deal was for all week not just thursday or maybe friday .
0	ridiculous !
0	and i would n't recommend this place at all .
0	they did n't even warn me ahead of time the condition of the studio .
0	the absolute and worst customer service i have ever received in my entire life .
0	would n't call another employee to help .
0	fair selection on cars and all but had a terrible experience .
0	by $ _num_ really ?
0	i explained my situation and was shown _num_ cars .
0	interest varies but the principle price should not .
0	no thanks .
0	do n't go here they waste ur time !
0	so a week later i get call from them it 's ready .
0	chevy told them is losing pressure in motor .
0	come down to check it out !
0	i would not refer anyone to this car lot .
0	i have received no phone call or e mail and its been _num_ weeks .
0	`` we finance anyone '' is a bunch of crap .
0	please do n't waste your time here .
0	first off : i hate car buying .
0	carmax was alright , but i hate buying a car .
0	all cars come with a two month , _num_ mile power train warranty .
0	to bad there are n't negative stars !
0	mother of god this establishment is king of spam .
0	( short black hair , hispanic , long unprofessional black nails ) .
0	but i really just wanted the biscuits and lobster nachos .
0	no .
0	no no no no no no no .
0	each time is same star .
0	we dont plan to eat in that place again for a long time anyway !
0	cold !
0	husband still not getting his meal .
0	no broccoli , just a baked potato .
0	oh , he said `` i threw it in the garbage !
0	very unhappy .
0	the fish was greasy and breading had no seasoning .
0	she brings back our cesar salads which are bland and tasteless at best .
0	made us wait _num_ minutes for our check and box .
0	the food was average , but the service was beyond slow .
0	the place was empty & it took for ever .
0	one may not notice .
0	soup & salad came out pretty quickly .
0	sorry , but the cheddar biscuits are n't enough to bring me back .
0	waited _num_ minutes to be seated .
0	simply unbelievable !
0	we had a party of _num_ ; _num_ adults and _num_ children .
0	when we arrived , we were told there would be a _num_ minute wait .
0	very unappetizing to see .
0	this place is only good if you have that seafood craving .
0	worst experience !
0	would not recommend this place at all .
0	the place is kind of outdated and needs new clean carpet !
0	not worth it .
0	he did n't offer us desserts i had to ask for it myself .
0	our waitress was very slow .
0	rainbow trout can definitely use some assistance with seasoning .
0	never got refills on our drinks , so we sat there with empty glasses .
0	very disappointed customer !
0	our lobster came still half alive ... slimy and not cooked .
0	holy cow this place is gross !
0	bad food , bad service , bad location .
0	have never been to a place with that slow service .
0	highly disappointed .
0	will not come again and will not recommend .
0	misleading advice from calling earlier to get seated for minimal wait time .
0	or negatives , even .
0	hoping for another customer service representative ( nope ! )
0	not new tires i have a new car .
0	he would n't listen rolled his eyes and was beyond rude .
0	then lost my keys for my car .
0	then acted like using my boyfriends rewards card was illegal .
0	the service department is the worst i have ever seen .
0	i told them several times that the problem is something other than the bulb .
0	sorry guys but after this our accounts will be canceled .
0	i put oil back in my car , and guess what ?
0	is the slowest , most unprofessional place i have ever been .
0	horrible !
0	could n't even get the car up the tiny incline of our driveway .
0	im done with pep boys as is my boyfriend .
0	if i could give this place no stars i would .
0	worst apartment complex and management i 've ever dealt with .
0	turn around !
0	now the taste was n't great , the avocado does n't taste fresh .
0	i 'd give it a zero , but i 'm trying to be nice .
0	i wo n't be making that mistake again .
0	very disappointing .
0	so disappointed .
0	i do not recommend .
0	next time im going to the butcher block on south rainbow .
0	such poor service .
0	anyway , bought them , cooked them the same as before but no joy .
0	two visits ago , just after new year 's i was disappointed .
0	he came home with nasty looking steaks .
0	it was so tough you could barely chew it .
0	the butcher refused to sell me anything under _num_ pounds .
0	when i arrived the shop had _num_ other people , so not busy .
0	i said $ _num_ dollar for my time and gas .
0	$ _num_ a pound .
0	not larry 's .
0	i avoid this place if at all possible .
0	it 's not the employees fault though , they are all pretty decent .
0	poor selection and cheap quality products .
0	i 've shopped here before in colorado and i sometimes find sales .
0	paying _num_ $ for a pair of jeans is no bueno !
0	this place if awful .
0	horrible customer service .
0	never use this lady 's floral shop .
0	they 're much nicer over there plus they care about how their store looks .
0	worst run store i 've been in .
0	no service .
0	is that how a store is supposed to be run ?
0	the store was n't bright enough .
0	just trying to make you look at the stuff .
0	many of the bikes had no tickets .
0	purchased toys online for pickup at this location .
0	but kudos to that employee because you are doing a stand up job .
0	i will not be shopping there any more ... their loss !
0	worst customer service ever !
0	this is a terrible place to shop .
0	they said they could n't return them .
0	toys r us has gone down the hole over the years .
0	if i could have rated this _num_ stars , i would have !
0	not a pleasant way to shop at victoria 's secret .
0	employees look miserable and hardly anyone is smiling .
0	otherwise , people everywhere ... gross !
0	its a giant mess .
0	the outside of a building with four units ?
0	i paid _num_ too much .
0	front row usually has something that fills the bill for me .
0	is n't ross a department store ?
0	i went back to the decatur store on may _num_ .
0	dear ross , can i please have the sale price ?
0	thank you for taking the time to contact ross stores .
0	i gave the other store a four star review ( night and day ) .
0	the shelves and racks are empty .
0	one of my least favorite ross locations .
0	unorganized and messy , it 's almost impossible to find anything purchase here .
0	the worst ross i have ever been to .
0	after our wedding , i noticed that one of the diamonds fell out .
0	worse then a car dealership .
0	i am totally unsatisfied with this store .
0	still the same horrible quality .
0	this is beyond ridiculous .
0	i am totally unsatisfied with this store .
0	they have no courtesy whatsoever .
0	bad customer service !
0	the size of this place is ridiculously small .
0	there 's at least _num_ shopping malls in each city .
0	it has gone downhill over the past few years .
0	the clientele is very ghetto .
0	unfortunately this mall has gone downhill over the past few years .
0	they were disgusting .
0	the mall itself is very old looking from the outside .
0	the mushrooms are gross - straight from the can .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	not particularly flavorful or delicious .
0	made me lose my appetite .
0	just gross .
0	had a # _num_ philly w/ provolone and side of chili fries .
0	they just rude , `` what do you want ?
0	very bland & dreadful food .
0	i tipped & i still ended up feeling like i 'm the bad guy .
0	not a good dining experience with every fly in las vegas in your face .
0	go to the grocery store buy all the stuff and make it at home .
0	the philly was surprisingly dry and lacking flavor .
0	no onion .
0	okay well he tells me it was really flavorless .
0	still awful service .
0	this place has sandwiches that are overpriced and is drowned in cheese whiz .
0	maybe if i was really drunk this would be good .
0	to put it in perspective think your average cafeteria cheese steak .
0	bad quality meat .
0	not impressed at all with this place and i will not be back .
0	you could n't give this to me for free .
0	she does n't typically like cheese steak sandwiches .
0	let me tell you that it 's not worth the trouble .
0	and the service sucked .
0	do not go to pop 's cheese steak resturant .
0	not impressed by this place at all .
0	the texture of the meat is totally off .
0	close , but does n't quite make the mark .
0	pop 's philly steaks they wont let me post on their wall any more .
0	umm , what normal philly steaks have ?
0	sandwich was super soggy and not enjoyable .
0	the food the first time was okay , philly cheese with swiss .
0	an absolute waste of _num_ bucks .
0	such a disappointment .
0	i really hate to leave a bad review for this place .
0	if i 'm paying around $ _num_ a sandwich i want it hot .
0	i want the old grill master back .
0	i never once got cold food .
0	waste of money !
0	it was very blah .
0	i mean the philly cheese steak at subway tasted better then this .
0	: ( very disappointing since this is what they are known for .
0	nothing mind blowing ... .
0	not worth an extra star though .
0	just trash .
0	feel sorry for the employees .
0	would n't even give _num_ star .
0	never ever coming here again .
0	the lady hurt me numerous times .
0	i really think she had no clue on what she was doing .
0	i 'm not usually one to give bad reviews !
0	horrible place nobody go here .
0	this has to be the worst place in vegas .
0	messed up my nails horribly & would n't refund my money .
0	makes me never want to go back .
0	she could of just said no .
0	the owner told me `` _num_ minutes . ''
0	zero stars !
0	went there thinking this place would be good .
0	i 'm going to set up the story so that it 's clear .
0	prices seem to be a little high for the work they 're doing .
0	wo n't ever be spending another penny inside this place again .
0	poor quality of work , poor customer service .
0	warranty for a _num_ $ battery .
0	their faces changed right away they immediately became short and rude with me .
0	because of this attitude you have earned my yelp review .
0	never again will i step foot in this ridiculous place .
0	this place is terrible !
0	bad costumer service .
0	super slow !
0	they so slow !
0	and probably not even doing their job .
0	i own the business across the street and they always waste my time .
0	the one that hands you the food has an attitude problem .
0	this is one of the worst mc d 's .
0	this is unbelievable !
0	the soda fountains are so dirty they do n't taste like soda .
0	also extremely ghetto looking employees .
0	not coming back ever again .
0	the guy working , cesar , was so unbelievably rude .
0	after he rushed through my husband sandwich , he went on break .
0	will not be back again .
0	horrible service .
0	she said i have to buy a empty cup for $ _num_ !
0	never has this rude subway employee .
0	worst subway ever .
0	oops , i forgot , airlines no longer serve food .
0	the only thing that struck me as odd was his offering of cuban cigars .
0	it 's a big cigar shop no no and something that should n't happen .
0	i walked out of her office that day and will not return ever !
0	she does not address any of your concerns .
0	i 've had _num_ appointments at this clinic and i will never go back .
0	i could n't believe i waited _num_ minutes just to hear that .
0	the first thing i noticed was that she orders lots of tests .
0	i was grossly too slow on giving up on her !
0	agree with most of the negative reviews i have seen .
0	she is the worst doctor i 've seen .
0	worst doctor ever .
0	well the fat older lady just completely lost it .
0	however , _num_ out of _num_ things the hem is starting to fall out .
0	ridiculously overpriced , you 're better off going anywhere else .
0	i ended up demanding another room because of how they handled it .
0	i could not fall asleep and woke up often .
0	i figured how bad can it be ?
0	problems began immediately .
0	stayed here for a few nights while in vegas waiting for another hotel .
0	the first room we had was horrible .
0	i finally fell back asleep and the trash service outside woke me up again !
0	absolutely ridiculous .
0	we 're waiting , and he brings out luggage that is n't ours !
0	also free towels and _num_ grills if you want to cook .
0	they lie , internet does n't work .
0	the concierge desk was the only highlight to this trip .
0	again , the location is n't that bad .
0	overall , this is n't a bad place for the price .
0	not true .
0	here is the big problem .
0	letting me get even more mad about the situation .
0	do not stay here .
0	paying hotel rates for a pull out couch was like visiting the parents .
0	rooms are okay , not that clean .
0	very tacky polo !
0	ridiculously loud .
0	rude staff !
0	i went to a time share presentation here just for the gifts .
0	this place is terrible .
0	there 's so many things wrong with this place .
0	all in all nothing _num_ or _num_ star worthy .
0	then our third they lost our vehicle key at the bell desk .
0	this hotel was not is not recommended if you want to enjoy your vacation .
0	poor service .
0	: ( go back downstairs , they apologize and give us a new room .
0	unfortunately , that shows how we feel we 've been treated throughout .
0	the good part is it does n't have an casino full with cigarette smoke .
0	go elsewhere cause this is not worth it .
0	unbelievable .
0	they want _num_ minutes of your time and $ _num_ deposit .
0	it was never cleaned and they allowed us to check in still .
0	we showed him the bed and he returned _num_ minutes later with new sheets .
0	i wish i was exaggerating - but i 'm not .
0	the stay itself was alright .
0	i have a same experience like judy in this review .
0	if you lose something at this resort , you will never get it back !
0	the front desk girl was also very rude .
0	overall a bad experience .
0	staff : not helpful and not friendly .
0	at least in a motel you get a real bed .
0	horribly uncomfortable .
0	overall a terrible experience .
0	however , he knew what was going on and apologized for it .
0	tip ... avoid room _num_ on any floor .
0	really , come on .
0	i really want to say nice things about polo towers .
0	maybe she can have better luck dealing with the issues .
0	based on that along , i will never stay here again .
0	the rooms are fine ; very small and the bed is a murphy bed .
0	as you can imagine i am pissed .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	worst customer service ever !
0	also , the cleaning lady did n't do anything but give us new towels .
0	pool is disgusting .
0	do not go to this show even if you have a free ticket .
0	in short , i do not recommend this show .
0	the place needs a desperate new coat of paint on the outside .
0	it 's definitely cheap to stay here , but why would you want to ?
0	i didnt see anything that was gross or dirty .
0	the room was a standard hotel room , slightly dated .
0	btw , the buffet sucks .
0	i used to stay here relatively often because they often send me free rooms .
0	it 's awful awful awful .
0	however , the fact that i no longer accept free rooms here says something .
0	ya ya ya i know wtf am i doing staying here .
0	this place does not deserve any stars .
0	big mistake !
0	when we got there , it was empty .
0	but then it was time to get change from the machine .
0	everything here was awful !
0	there was no sign saying there was a safe in the room .
0	the staff is rude and knows nothing about customer service .
0	instead of relaxing i had to listen to these little kids run around .
0	i would n't even go inside later to get to the tram quicker .
0	oh yeah ... dick 's last resort ?
0	coyote ugly ?
0	i would n't even go inside later to get to the tram quicker .
0	oh yeah ... dick 's last resort ?
0	my goodness is this place run terribly .
0	but tacos do n't cost $ _num_ .
0	no microwave .
0	the tv had less channels than the free cable i get at home .
0	so i am like the old grandma playing slot machines .
0	normally the fee is $ _num_ per day .
0	the food was pretty disgusting .
0	they lacked a lot of foods and desserts most buffets have .
0	when i came on saturday , they sent me right to an upgraded room .
0	so i might as well review the room .
0	also the bathrooms have no tubs , just standing showers .
0	not to mention the huge arcade downstairs !
0	it was such a horrible and disgusting experience !
0	lame .
0	worst hotel ever !
0	there were _num_ young guys getting people 's bags .
0	avoid it at all cost !
0	also no fridge or microwave .
0	it smells more like dust and smoke than most of the other hotels .
0	i wo n't stay there again .
0	we quit staying here _num_ _num_ years ago .
0	the place has gone to hell since the mgm bought it .
0	i would never bring my kids to vegas otherwise .
0	there 's no safety bolt on the door .
0	especially in _num_ degree plus weather .
0	horrible !
0	i would give this place zero stars if i could .
0	the hotel does n't look that great or fancy from the outside .
0	i like the concept of the castle but not the way they executed it .
0	most hotels do n't care , besides we only wanted an hour extra time !
0	the hotel is very old and smelly .
0	crappy air inside .
0	take them to a better and friendlier place .
0	i 'm sorry but i would n't want to stay here again .
0	inexpensive stay , expect inexpensive quality .
0	, and the decor is generic and worn .
0	sadly excalibur is no exception .
0	* wifi would allow me to stay in my room instead of gambling .
0	pathetic is one word to describe this hotel .
0	i will give las vegas wan na be 's some credit .
0	i feel bad giving two stars to the excalibur , but it deserves it .
0	i am not even kidding .
0	the hotel bar is a dick 's last resort .
0	yes , it 's that bad .
0	the jello shots contain zero alcohol .
0	oh , and the staff hate the guests .
0	but - it is cheap .
0	rough impression from visiting the other _num_ casinos ?
0	the biggest problem ?
0	toilet seats should n't just split apart !
0	ok , here goes nothing ... .
0	all in all , a pretty horrible experience .
0	checked in early and the front desk were not helpful or friendly at all .
0	but please never intend to sleep here !
0	did n't feel that clean or anything .
0	it 's cheap if thats what you are looking for .
0	they also changed all of the linens which did n't help .
0	actually , the rooms at motel _num_ probably would have been nicer .
0	do n't say i did n't warn you .
0	they definately are not maintained however .
0	and that person had the nerve to tell me i was being rude .
0	not much to do over here .
0	lame .
0	do yourself a favor -- do n't come here .
0	so tacky and rude !
0	gross , yuck , disgusting , stinky hell hole .
0	walk into most other hotels on the strip and then walk into the excalibur .
0	if it 's free , i would n't mind .
0	if you 've got kids , it 's probably ok .
0	nothing to report there .
0	hence excalibur .
0	i must admit , it was cheap .
0	this hotel is now probably the worst on the strip next to sahara .
0	needs a remodel in a bad way .
0	we get to the room and everything was just so tacky and old .
0	at this point i am just hoping things are clean .
0	maybe they were tired .
0	we are n't coming back .
0	advice : spend the extra money and skip the castle .
0	disappointing .
0	there was a safe though .
0	anyways back to the crappy hotel that is the excalibur .
0	gross !
0	a little disappointing for a hotel on the strip .
0	i did n't have high expectations coming here anyways .
0	and the smell of smoke is all over the casino floor .
0	i asked guest services to come up _num_ different nights and nobody ever came .
0	got tower one which i believe is the older of the _num_ towers .
0	if you want to risk it , pay the lower price and stay here .
0	not a very good place to find a nice restaurant or for shopping .
0	the decor was old and drab .
0	two thumbs down .
0	but all smokey , older casino 's are all the same .
0	this hotel has terrible customer service .
0	sit down , little boys and girls and let me tell you a story .
0	sunday afternoon : we return to find our room clean .
0	gross !
0	smelly , smelly , smelly .
0	crap .
0	crap .
0	some random false alarm at _num_ am does n't help its case either .
0	the elevator entrance reeked of a less than sanitary odor .
0	took my daughter down to the arcade .
0	based upon our experience , excalibur is hardly of high caliber .
0	so if you 've had enough to drink you probably wo n't mind it .
0	the casino is large though .
0	besides the low price , there 's nothing really special about the hotel .
0	just another way for the hotels to take your dollars away .
0	i wo n't be going back though .
0	unless you have kids , no .
0	the room we got was part of the newly renovated section of the hotel .
0	going in and out was no problem .
0	do n't be fooled !
0	- it feels dirty .
0	nothing crazy that makes me want to stick around .
0	i do not know what is wrong with them .
0	the casino is in a bad location , so far from the central strip .
0	overall , i was not happy that we had to stay at this hotel .
0	while the room was mostly clean and the casino was overly smokey .
0	if you go , ask for a recently renovated room if there is one .
0	i will not be staying at this hotel in the future .
0	i had no other choice , i was told to stay here .
0	excalibur did n't disappoint my low expectations .
0	the casino seems dark , smokey , and old .
0	the inside is n't much better .
0	the casino is not great .
0	i won her a stuffed dog at the water shooting horse race game .
0	nothing special .
0	they told me they 'd comp me a night .
0	although the rates are good , i just spent three nights there .
0	the furniture is very dated , but they do have big flat screen tvs .
0	my room was average with two queen beds .
0	very sad hotel .
0	it was fine for one night but i will not stay there again .
0	our room had some trash left in it from a guest before .
0	do n't let the castle exterior fool you .
0	never again will i stay here .
0	our room was descent , but this review will focus more on the casino .
0	first off , their ventilation system sucks ass .
0	to me , that 's unacceptable , regardless of how cheap the rooms are .
0	to be honest , i would just stay away .
0	unfortunately that is where the good ends .
0	the rooms smelt like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room .
0	no coffee maker either .
0	there was no balance at all .
0	gross .
0	my recommendation , stay elsewhere .
0	at this price point , the luxor is a much better deal .
0	not kidding .
0	i stayed in tower _num_ a few months ago and the elevators were dirty .
0	excalibur wanted $ _num_ and wanted me out by 3pm !
0	the spa only gets one star from me .
0	it would have been a better experience to do it myself at home .
0	$ _num_ for this !
0	just do n't expect too much .
0	not classy , even if you are a cheaper hotel .
0	no wifi to speak of .
0	i could do it and i 'm not even a professional .
0	popcorn ceilings and worn carpet show its age .
0	but then again , upgrades make the room price go up .
0	the room and furniture were old and low quality amenities in the rooms .
0	if you 're in vegas , do n't stay here .
0	it is n't available after _num_ p.m .
0	annoying .
0	i had a complaint and he started to get rude and condescending .
0	the excalibur has a major con : it is way too smokey .
0	stay here for the cheap room , but not much else .
0	next time i will not be staying at this hotel .
0	just do n't expect a magical experience .
0	why do they even put people in such conditions ?
0	it smells like smoke .
0	it was n't the best looking hotel .
0	if you 're going to pay their rates , go spend it somewhere else .
0	no room service after _num_ pm .
0	nasty and gross !
0	ugh .
0	it 's not worthy .
0	ok hotel if you like empty promises .
0	just sad !
0	absolute worst hotel i have ever stayed at .
0	it did not come with a microwave , fridge , or a view .
0	we will not be back .
0	i sure as hell do n't and i am in sales .
0	never again will i stay in this horror place !
0	everything is broken and the staff is rude .
0	to my surprise , he came back with a bill for $ _num_ .
0	guess this guy missed vegas _num_ .
0	i would recommend walking down to new york new york .
0	but apparently excalibur can not be bothered .
0	but otherwise i try to avoid it if at all possible .
0	buffet is crap , do not do the breakfast or lunch buffet .
0	i 've stayed in the updated tower and the ridiculously outdated tower .
0	the window shade had holes in it .
0	loud neighbors and drunk people .
0	we were tired and trying to just get into our room .
0	i am not comparing this budget hotel to those .
0	the excalibur is the worst hotel on the strip .
0	they are very rude .
0	i woke up one morning to find cockroaches crawling over my shoes .
0	here .
0	seriously , do not stay here .
0	worst hotel on the strip .
0	krispy kreme upstairs makes it less painful .
0	i wish i could give excalibur no stars .
0	it stinks .
0	off to the pool .
0	seems they do n't have a set price .
0	so slow !
0	i just used my iphone !
0	when you come in smells like some one die in it !
0	yeah , just do n't .
0	the air conditioning in the room was either too cold or not working .
0	in reading other reviews it seems that this is not out of the ordinary .
0	i did n't expect the ritz , but this place is just plain nasty .
0	poor delivery and preparation for this event definitely gives this place _num_ star .
0	very disappointed .
0	my horror story does n't end with this .
0	this hotel was n't ready for the amount of guests that it booked .
0	she said `` no unless you use room service . ''
0	we will not stay here ever again .
0	do n't gamble on your place to stay .
0	i am not impressed at all .
0	i could 've easily stolen anything .
0	another strike , excalibur .
0	i am struggling to find nice things to say about this place .
0	the restaurant are all cheap food , i would never recommend eating there .
0	this place is a nightmare .
0	but this does not compare to being scammed twice by the excalibur .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ nights and _num_ show tickets .
0	that typically goes for $ _num_ a night .
0	we always pull the dry clean only comforter off the bed first thing .
0	do n't expect anything from a room upgrade in the ice skating rink .
0	the cleaning ladies were cool and accommodating , no complaints there .
0	the price is the only thing this place has going for itself .
0	i 'm gon na say that i 'll probably not stay here again .
0	_num_ dollar for every arcade game ?
0	this was the worse hotel i 've stayed at in los vegas .
0	okay , i admit it , i 've stayed here .
0	other than that , spend a little more money to stay somewhere nicer !
0	horrible .
0	i get that .
0	- no wifi ... .
0	just was not a good experience for me .
0	this is like a grown up disney world .
0	the pool closed at _num_ pm ( the water slide at 6pm ) .
0	well , its actually two free drinks per stay , not day .
0	then we go to the pool , and there are no towels ready .
0	is n't this what we paid $ _num_ for ?
0	the ac does n't work right .
0	that is n't an option on my mac .
0	the room had two small lights .
0	the rooms were completely gross .
0	circus circus is the place to go if you want cheap & family friendly !
0	then excalibur really dropped the ball !
0	excessive charge on the internet , uncomfortable and torn beds .
0	also , the timeshare people are pushy and annoying .
0	no wifi ( wtf ! )
0	the pool has no shade unless you pay for it .
0	but the hotel not so good not so clean .
0	they said that area is full is so ridiculous .
0	but the pool was nice and buffet is reasonable .
0	i waited about _num_ days , and no one called .
0	no reply .
0	if i could give this dump a zero i would !
0	excalibur hotel , are you kidding me ?
0	wrong !
0	so there is no `` sure fire '' time to get valet .
0	do n't waist your money on this filthy dirty place !
0	needless to say we wo n't recommend or every stay at the excalibur again .
0	it is nowhere worth $ _num_ .
0	the bathrooms are gross .
0	i just ignored them even when they are just saying good morning .
0	* the casino is depressing looking .
0	* there are no good restaurants in this hotel .
0	it looked pretty outdated and is mostly slots .
0	what a sad , tired , shit hole this place is .
0	it was kind of gross .
0	this _num_ year old property still has no wi-fi .
0	checking in earlier costs money - $ _num_ .
0	i did n't actually stay here , i 'm just reviewing the ambience .
0	huge disappointment .
0	do i need the voice of god telling me there is a fire alarm ?
0	rude employees & bad customer service !
0	housekeeping is so loud .
0	the whole hotel smelled awful .
0	the place wasnt clean , the service was gross .
0	i dont think i ask for anything too much .
0	sadly , excalibur scores _num_ for _num_ on this measure .
0	lie to us and then stick us in a gross room .
0	stood in tower _num_ , needs to updated badly .
0	spent over $ _num_ a night on the room , not worth it .
0	from the moment we walked in , we knew it was a mistake !
0	felt this would be a better fit than the hard rock for them .
0	after check in we were stopped _num_ times by sales people .
0	we walked the strip and were stopped twice more on way in .
0	we wo n't be returning .
0	this is not a good hotel .
0	i know , in vegas , people smoke .
0	only one bar of soap in the bathroom and the body wash was terrible .
0	loud neighbors and drunk people .
0	so gross .
0	_num_ tickets for a mini bottle of bubbles ?
0	sucks .
0	cheap toiletries .
0	rude or boring dealers and house keeping rushed us out .
0	we decided to grab a fast bite at the food court .
0	unacceptable .
0	needless to say , i changed my email .
0	so i booked this hotel for the same reason that most do .
0	it is what it is i guess .
0	there are plenty of options for grabbing a quick bite .
0	the service personnel in this hotel also had bad attitudes .
0	i understand thorough , but thorough can be done quickly .
0	so hopefully you find your things before you return home .
0	stayed here in october _num_ with my best friend for her birthday .
0	really , it should get _num_ 1/4 stars .
0	the bathroom had poor water pressure .
0	the bed and furniture could be more comfortable .
0	casino floor : _num_ stars .
0	though check in is a mile long , the casino floor is surprisingly empty .
0	overall , it was n't the worst i could have imagined .
0	lol it needs to be remodeled .
0	worst buffet and old building nothing else to say u probably got the point !
0	some of them were rude about it .
0	i think i stayed here _num_ years ago and everything looks just the same .
0	check in didnt take long , dude was ok .
0	fixtures and lamps and stuff were dirty .
0	this is what happens to a casino when it is not kept up .
0	the staff is nothing to speak of .
0	just really really loudly ... .
0	cheap , feels dirty , and quality is just not there .
0	next time i think we will pay the extra money to stay elsewhere .
0	_num_ ) yes , you can print your boarding passes .
0	_num_ ) room is ok .
0	we wanted to take a nap after we checked in .
0	it was definitely not clean .
0	thought this one would be decent ... wrong !
0	worst food in history of las vegas buffet .
0	i 'm so done staying here .
0	i 'm trying to relax .
0	reception desk people are less than friendly .
0	not to our room .
0	very rundown hotel room .
0	we were put in tower one which is the worst .
0	avoid that tower at all cost !
0	everything looks dirty except the chapel , again the only highlight .
0	this is the worst hotel stay my entire life .
0	hotel manager do n't have any authority to help us .
0	this is the worst hotel stay my entire life .
0	hotel manager do n't have any authority to help us .
0	the games are quite boring and not many selection .
0	it 's cheap and all , but damn so far away from things !
0	they are aggressive and very rude .
0	i will never return just because of the show ticket sales people alone .
0	the pool and spa closes at 6pm .
0	i was thinking of getting a shirt made up .
0	this one was easily the worst .
0	by far , the worst , most disgusting hotel i have ever stayed in .
0	stayed here for a `` cheap '' alternative while visiting for a bachelorette party .
0	did not even feel comfortable taking my shoes off in the room .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	i just checked into the contemporary superior room and am definitely not impressed .
0	i do not recommend this room .
0	save your money and get one of the other rooms instead .
0	if there was a zero star i would use it.
0	the room itself was decent , nothing special .
0	p.s .
0	night time , it looks better , but then everything looks better at night .
0	the casino is big , but is dated .
0	my room was the standard king size room and was an okay room .
0	i will not be staying at this hotel ever again so bye bye excalibur .
0	valet was n't the greatest .
0	you do n't see that very often .
0	no bath tub just shower .
0	no wifi in the room .
0	some negatives ... you can call ahead to request your car from valet .
0	resort fee is ridiculous ( $ _num_ ) , you get nothing for it .
0	no wifi .
0	i gave it one star because i could not give it a zero .
0	cheap , old , dirty .
0	not sure how tower ii is .
0	staying here because my friends are ... no !
0	i 'm in tower _num_ which is suppose to be the better tower .
0	i could 've paid a little more and stayed at a nicer place .
0	i 've stayed at excalibur quite a few times .
0	then he stared at us and wondered why he did n't get a tip .
0	the pool with the slides the arcade with all those toys to win !
0	contemporary means updated ( does n't it ? )
0	its quite a shame .
0	i do n't believe he spoke english .
0	as i said the rooms are small , the windows do n't really open .
0	there 's just one thing going for excalibur - it 's cheap .
0	i have stayed there maybe 10-15 times .
0	no way !
0	those people probably live in a barn .
0	i did n't want to take my shoes off .
0	circus circus seems cleaner .
0	they looked like off duty renaissance fair workers .
0	rooms need a little tlc though .
0	so the rating can be explained either way .
0	our room seems to be clean .
0	our room was looking at a wall and trash exit of some restaurant .
0	on top of that they charge hotel resort fee .
0	there is no wifi .
0	it is basically a money trap .
0	i could n't argue the price was great .
0	this very smoky hotel seems old and outdated .
0	not until our recent trip to vegas that we will never go back again .
0	i would give this hotel a zero if i could .
0	food cold , dry and no one attending the area .
0	do n't risk staying here no matter how good the deal is !
0	my fianc and i decided to check out bags and just walk around .
0	the lady was very rude and tried to get me off the phone .
0	- no free wifi !
0	not a fan .
0	also , there is someone trying to sell you something every _num_ feet !
0	overall , just a bad experience .
0	excalibur hotel is a giant , cheap motel .
0	the thermostat did n't do an actual , comfortable temperature .
0	would stay again , and hopefully get better service .
0	you ca n't just blame excalibur .
0	the location is not ideal to me .
0	lame !
0	overall , this place could use a remodel .
0	i let it go thinking the smell would go away after a while .
0	the rooms are all old but for the price i guess you cant complain .
0	i 've never been to a hotel that does n't serve past 2pm .
0	this place smells like shit and cigarettes !
0	forget this place and stay at the tropicana !
0	there are two hotel towers .
0	pool : what a dump !
0	we chose the excalibur because it was cheap .
0	we could n't have really asked for any more in that department .
0	this year was a little different and we probably wo n't be back .
0	it does not feel clean at all .
0	will not stay here again .
0	our first room was nasty .
0	called front desk , promised it would be fixed by noon .
0	just thankful u did n't gave younger kids !
0	it really was fine , nothing bad or gross .
0	dealers : be nice or you do n't get tips .
0	the arcade games are a bit pricy and the show is expensive .
0	finally after _num_ hours decided to deal with once in vegas .
0	our room also had a weird smell to it .
0	the staff and dealers are rude .
0	bare minimum rooms .
0	the rooms and bathrooms are badly outdated and dirty looking .
0	this place is disgusting .
0	i do not recommend anyone to stay here .
0	very very disappointing to say the least .
0	i will not be giving out recommendations for your company .
0	the stole my mother in laws purse and my daughters purse .
0	from the minute you walk in it will be regret if you stay here .
0	hands down has to be the worst hotel on the strip .
0	my first experience at the excalibur was not good not bad just okay .
0	how annoying !
0	that is the only reason this place gets _num_ stars .
0	for a nicer experience get a suite .
0	waste of money and will never stay their again .
0	i am a vegas veteran been there four times this year alone .
0	worst mistake ever !
0	room are nice enough but has a few big fails in my book .
0	no wifi in the room is awful .
0	the resort fee is a total scam .
0	they clearly do not clean these rooms thoroughly .
0	secondly , the parking is awful .
0	the first thing i noticed was the smell .
0	there was no wifi and there was n't a channel guide for the tv .
0	this place is essentially the motel _num_ of the strip .
0	ok ... my issue is not the fact that they need to update .
0	my issue is bed bugs .
0	this is just dirty .
0	the beds are hard and very uncomfortable .
0	the only positive thing about hotel was the food choices .
0	they had a variety and not all of them would break the bank .
0	the room is very dated .
0	no power outlets except for the one in the bathroom .
0	there is no safe and small fridge .
0	no coffee machines in the room ?
0	my first thing , check the bed for bugs or anything weird .
0	as has been mentioned before , no wifi either .
0	this place is a disgrace .
0	the room had no coffee machine and no wifi .
0	do n't waste your $ $ .
0	after they investigate , they told me door was not locked ( what ?
0	old and ugly rooms .
0	my view looks like i 'm looking at a prison .
0	not too bad of a hike unless you 're stuck in _num_ degree heat .
0	a $ _num_ dollar room ?
0	overall : a very pedestrian experience .
0	nothing like spending your new years eve in a room infested with bed bugs !
0	the rooms are outdated and if you want an updated room it cost extra .
0	why not just update all the rooms ?
0	trashy .
0	even if i had a free night i would not stay there again .
0	i 'm sorry = i do n't care .
0	finally we find parking .
0	however , i wo n't be back .
0	also the annoying security asking for room keys everytime by the elevators !
0	security never smiles and it seems like everyone is drunk .
0	there are not enough waitresses .
0	the buffet left much to be desired at excalibur and luxor .
0	but do not assume that a guest is smoking drugs when they are n't .
0	false advertising and i was extremely disappointed .
0	i would never step foot in this filthy casino again .
0	it 's not even worthy of a star .
0	thanks for ruining my first trip u o vegas .
0	this hotel does n't deserve one star either .
0	it 's wednesday , and i have n't got anything from them .
0	i knew i should have book at mgm again .
0	ok , so check this out .
0	i went back to registration and asked to move up even just one level .
0	we spent our time on our vacation trying to avoid the hotel room .
0	i was kinda iffy about staying here due to the cheap price .
0	they were unable to put sheets on our bed .
0	this hotel is cheap , so it brings in lower end customers .
0	the pictures for this hotel were very misleading .
0	the bathrooms are disgusting .
0	i am not sure why they sent so much but there was no conditioner !
0	sad how this hotel is going downhill fast .
0	the guy at the front desk said i could check in at that point .
0	the beds are old and very uncomfortable .
0	the room was clean but had the smell of a motel .
0	i 've stayed at the excalibur twice and the level of service is atrocious .
0	the staff is beyond surly and rude .
0	there is construction being done at 7am and they were not aware .
0	their signature restaurants are buca de beppo and dick 's last resort .
0	not even this lady could keep a straight face on the dick 's spot .
0	hmmm maybe excalibur is this way on purpose .
0	the bathroom was extremely spacious and we were given plenty of towels .
0	nope nope nope .
0	spent one night there and could n't wait to get out .
0	this is absolutely ridiculous !
0	i would not recommend this hotel to anyone !
0	garbage !
0	_num_ $ in savings but nothing 's worth getting .
0	even though my expectations were low i have to say that i am disappointed .
0	while we were a bit disappointed we understood .
0	only stay if everything else is booked .
0	a very sad mgm property .
0	after leaving i thought i could not come back to stay here unless free .
0	only gave _num_ stars because they sprayed our room and have a refund .
0	not sure , but yuk .
0	the toilet runs all night .
0	tv does n't work 1/2 the time .
0	the blinds do n't keep the sun out .
0	they do n't even have a coffee maker .
0	our room got robbed in the middle of the night as we were sleeping .
0	management would n't lift a finger about the terrible situation .
0	to think we were sleeping on that is disgusting !
0	management or house keeping or security never once checked up on us .
0	horrible establishment !
0	i dont recommend this place plus the service is horrible .
0	our room was not that great .
0	as for the `` baja fresh '' , was horrible .
0	this was by no means fun !
0	not off to a great start .
0	we picked this one for our kids .
0	still no one .
0	no thank you .
0	rude and not helpful at all .
0	could 've used a little tlc .
0	they are the worst here !
0	the one major perk of the excalibur is the location .
0	whats the point if you cant use it anywhere in the casino .
0	horrible .
0	i do n't know why anyone would feel comfortable staying here .
0	worst hotel in las vegas .
0	soooo not coming back !
0	the light in the lamp was falling out .
0	times have changed , but excalibur remains stuck in the middle ages .
0	we booked a room for _num_ nights at $ _num_ a night .
0	the hotel was easy to locate and parking was not much of a hassle .
0	i 'm will definitely not be spending my money here , ever again .
0	i am so put out with this place .
0	customer service- horrible could not describe it .
0	room was clean , bathroom was fine .
0	would n't go there for dinner the wow factor just is n't there .
0	other receptionists call us down over to them .
0	nasty looking bathroom with cracked counters .
0	no bacon at the buffet breakfast !
0	what the hell ?
0	could n't seem to ever get valet to park the darn car .
0	otherwise go elsewhere because this hotel sucks !
0	it was big enough to fit _num_ girls comfortably .
0	the furniture and look of the rooms are very outdated .
0	hotel was fine but parking was horrible !
0	a stupid coupon book that did n't have much savings was what we received .
0	bed bugs !
0	never again though .
0	my biggest problem was the room .
0	i walked in and it looked no one had cleaned it .
0	the excalibur has turned into a 3rd rate piece of crap property .
0	if you are looking for fast friendly efficient service , look elsewhere .
0	yikes , can anyone really eat $ _num_ worth of crappy food .
0	bad memory !
0	so very unhappy with what i am experiencing at this hotel at this moment .
0	if the machine is frozen then why would i want to spend anymore money .
0	bad customer service .
0	they made the situation like it was our fault .
0	when i came back at 8pm , our room was not cleaned .
0	instead of apologizing to us , they questioned us .
0	the day before they cleaned our room , but not today .
0	i suggest spending your money elsewhere .
0	customer service _num_ stars .
0	i am very disappointed .
0	having to go down to get the other ... kind of annoying .
0	since i 've always wanted to try out excalibur .
0	i guess that 's why excalibur is so cheap .
0	the only bright spot was buca di beppo .
0	i used to think the strip was the shit .
0	the mgm resorts company has squeezed its last nickel out of me .
0	it gets worse .
0	looks like it 's been there awhile .
0	really that 's what i get told .
0	the casino was subpar and reeked of stale smoke .
0	it was not the worst but there is far better .
0	worst hotel ever !
0	the only thing it has going for it is location .
0	smelly and musty , the rooms are old and made my clothing smell .
0	the bathroom in the room was moldy and musty and needed a complete remodel .
0	the reason why i gave it another star was because of the customer service .
0	the problem remains is that the entire tower _num_ needs to be renovated .
0	it is the equivalent to a run down motel _num_ .
0	cons : poor housekeeping .
0	there were peanuts and shells on the floor in the bedroom .
0	we all know how vegas lines are !
0	i am never going to stay in this hotel ever again .
0	the food at the buffet was mediocre , but had a large selection .
0	the hotel room was what you 'd expect .
0	so we get up , open the hall door and here 's nothing .
0	if we could 've gotten a room elsewhere we would have .
0	as lame as you might expect .
0	bed is rock hard and the lights in the bathroom do n't work .
0	this place is a landmark of vegas but it needs some major improvements .
0	i am in a non smoking room but it still smells old and musty .
0	they even have me comps for the buffet and comped my resort fee .
0	hotel hell should come to this place and help them .
0	excalibur really has done a awful job making their guest feel safe and appreciated .
0	and was very helpful and knowledgeable with helping me understand `` the lines . ''
0	gross .
0	relatively dull .
0	no coffee machine .
0	no microwave .
0	if you 're staying at a casino hotel , you should stay somewhere else .
0	i .
0	i am seriously so grossed out , i ca n't even fall asleep .
0	the lack of cleanliness is very evident in this hotel .
0	paying guests should have a place to park , no matter what .
0	food is awful .
0	check in line goes pretty quick but the actual process is slow .
0	for $ _num_ a person for dinner so not worth it .
0	go somewhere else if you want to spend $ _num_ .
0	there was a light bulb missing in one of the lights .
0	the tv was broken and would n't turn on .
0	the walls are paper thin , this place smells like heavy smoke !
0	gross gross gross .
0	i will never step foot there again .
0	this hotel is very outdated .
0	the hotel itself is n't too bad .
0	if you want excitement , take $ _num_ and go to las vegas .
0	would not recommend !
0	so we requested more and when it came , it smelt like smoke .
0	yes , lori i will keep following up until .
0	all i was offered by the hotel staff was _num_ small ice packs .
0	wan na take a nice shower ?
0	no , you do n't need one .
0	they should have paid me to stay here .
0	no reply .
0	the hotel as a whole is dated .
0	this could be lived with if the units were not so loud .
0	that would have been nice to know at booking .
0	probably understaffed for the night .
0	restaurant was clean and i saw the bus boys cleaning .
0	food is a _num_ if i could rate it .
0	maybe next time we visit we 'll try again !
0	but in reality , i know there will be no outcome from this .
0	i ca n't believe it .
0	i ca n't stop crying .
0	best i can say is disappointing overall .
0	the air conditioner cover was busted off .
0	i personally would not stay here again .
0	the security is inept .
0	cons : no room in the entire hotel has a bathtub .
0	i 'm still trying to figure out what the hell that covered .
0	the excalibur certainly was not that place .
0	overall , i 'm not impressed with the rooms here .
0	with that being said ... the whole casino smelled like smoke .
0	usually , the rates are cheaper if you stay on weekdays .
0	but sadly , i will not stay in the hotel here again .
0	they overcharged me _num_ times ridiculous !
0	this place is terrible .
0	as a result , i 've booked to stay elsewhere .
0	the hotel itself is old and not clean .
0	no fridge .
0	rude at the front desk check in and check out .
0	motel six without the amenities .
0	i wish i had read the other reviews before booking .
0	very disappointed very annoyed very frustrated .
0	still in hell .
0	came back to the room to rest , and the tv does not work .
0	the carpet is dirty and worn out the fixtures are also old and worn .
0	disappointed all around .
0	our room was basic , which was to be expected .
0	and there was no fridge .
0	no mention of this when i booked slow service if any at all .
0	when i walked in , a weird smell came from the bathroom .
0	there is no coffee maker !
0	i went to use the outlet to charge my phone .
0	he looked at me like i was lying .
0	i wo n't stay there again .
0	rooms have no mini fridge , microwave , or coffee pot which is inconvenient .
0	i wo n't be making this my go to cheap hotel ever again .
0	clearly that is not work .
0	thanks but no thanks .
0	seriously , get rid of these clowns !
0	casino and room hallway smell .
0	it does n't smell weird , either .
0	extremely disappointed in this hotel at every turn .
0	embarrassing for las vegas .
0	not enough parking , no parking for guests .
0	right next door .
0	this time however , i was severely disappointed .
0	it 's so frustrating !
0	warning , i am going to write a book .
0	also , picked up _num_ plastic cups from the bottom of the pool .
0	disappointed to say the least and i had low expectations going into this place .
0	so i paid like $ _num_ more .
0	when we get up there was n't as clean as it should of been .
0	the toilet wouldnt flush .
0	plenty of apologies , but none were apologies for using pathetic unsafe practices .
0	and as for the arcade a lot of the games were not working .
0	i will not be coming back here .
0	there are too many other hotels to choose from .
0	the casino has an old appearance , decor .
0	wtf is a hotel fee for !
0	there is n't enough to parking !
0	worst experience of my life !
0	we are all lucky that nothing worse happened to us during our stay .
0	this is basically the same response i received .
0	no coffee maker , not even glasses so we could drink .
0	what a disappointment for our girls ' getaway weekend !
0	the only upside is there are $ _num_ tables .
0	i wish i could give a better review .
0	will not recommend .
0	unless you are on a very low budget and every other hotel is booked .
0	long long check in lines .
0	( no room service after _num_ for a family friendly hotel ? )
0	ca n't believe they are charging parking now .
0	zero stars !
0	i think the hotel staff should put an application in to work there .
0	i was wrong !
0	infused water available at _num_ different locations , comfy towels .
0	do n't settle just to be on the strip .
0	unbelievable .
0	vacation time is precious and excalibur does not get out !
0	no coffee in the room .
0	the scrambled eggs were watery .
0	the french toast and pancakes were hard .
0	you will be treated much better a few doors down !
0	drink and $ _num_ a beer .
0	customer service training is in order .
0	now i 'm at home , in pain with no meds .
0	my jaw hurts .
0	my pain relief meds , etc .
0	no one else was using the self service however .
0	a tired convention center in need of a tear down and remake .
0	in this case , `` food '' however is a stretch .
0	the choices there overpriced and disgusting .
0	also the traffic can be a nightmare with a big convention .
0	and plus , it 's just bad for business .
0	parking is ridiculous .
0	the food is mediocre at best .
0	also , waiting in line _num_ minutes for a cup of coffee seems excessive .
0	food is too expensive .
0	its ok .
0	the place does have a starbucks and a american express open lounge .
0	audio staff is awful .
0	has to be one of the worst place for a trade show .
0	no place to sit to eat .
0	they could use an extensive upgrade .
0	trash cans not empty often enough .
0	they could use an extensive upgrade .
0	wait times are incredibly long .
0	not good at all .
0	the waitress neglected to ask the birthday girl what she wanted to drink .
0	just a hit or miss place for food and service .
0	just want to qualify my review before i get into it .
0	i spoke to the hostesses and they were very friendly .
0	the chicken wings were way too sweet .
0	the quality and presentation of the food is bad .
0	but , my recent experiences have been disappointing .
0	all in all , i see no reason to give them a 5th chance .
0	it was not crowded .
0	just regular plain tomato juice .
0	but _num_ minutes later , we get the tomato juice ?
0	and thankfully that 's all we gave our server for the experience .
0	consistency in food preparation does not exist between locations .
0	and then tell your waitress it 's nevada state law .
0	i 'm not a tourist .
0	such a waste .
0	not as good as i remembered .
0	`` sorry , are we bothering you ? ''
0	i have to assume they are trying to cut costs and it shows .
0	everything seems to be a little more bland .
0	maybe there 's a food shortage in vegas .
0	potatoes and cabbage out of season , perhaps .
0	rude , disrespectful , and way too much attitude .
0	our server would n't take our order without rolling her eyes .
0	friendly service but the wait for the food is out of this world .
0	too thick and not much flavor , other than the gorgonzola on top .
0	the rating is solely based on experience with the general manager - mike wong .
0	such a disappointment .
0	well i was wrong to pick this place .
0	horrible turnover from one server to the next .
0	are the empty beer and water glasses not enough of a clue ?
0	tonight may be the last night we ever go there .
0	the food was terrible .
0	the two stars are based on the food only , which was amazing .
0	is lettuce not in season ?
0	i went here for dinner last night because i was craving a margherita pizza .
0	not spending my money at a place like that .
0	i have no desire to ever have it again .
0	it was like _num_ bucks so i had high expectations .
0	the asparagus was cooked well with a good char but no spice at all .
0	it was a little bitter for my taste .
0	it was rather dry considering it 's price .
0	the kitchen was very slow , the food portion sizes confusing and somewhat disappointing .
0	happy hour prices are ridiculous .
0	it was ridiculous .
0	while waiting for rest of party , _num_ of us sat in the bar .
0	worst service possible .
0	the seating areas are for customers . ''
0	a large group of us decided to go out here tonight .
0	all sorts of seafood but not an overwhelming fishy flavor .
0	wo n't be back .
0	anyway ... . )
0	wo n't be going back , which is a shame .
0	the steak was burnt and the mushrooms for the side tasted canned .
0	after ordering brownie with ice cream i gave up .
0	avoid this place at all cost !
0	we walk in and they take _num_ minutes for a server to show up .
0	this meant sending the food back and waiting for it to be cooked again .
0	brought a party of _num_ people there last night .
0	you ca n't really mess up a salad so those were fine ... .
0	i know some people relish it , i do n't .
0	owners , staff and managers are trying hard .
0	literally little chewy rubber bands of bland breading .
0	flat bread pizza .
0	it was tiny and completely lacking any touch .
0	service was good enough .
0	of course , hours go by and we 've just completely missed the boat .
0	the stuff looked like it 'd been sitting there forever .
0	our slices were n't all that great either .
0	no , i 'll never have pizza here again .
0	gross !
0	so would n't i just be able to build a margherita pizza ?
0	man people are idiots .
0	not really .
0	$ _num_ dollar , hour and a half long delivery time pizza .
0	burnt and cold .
0	extremely rude staff member .
0	way too many options to tolerate this treatment .
0	i 'm from chicago and we use real cheese !
0	it seems to stop there though .
0	this place is really gross .
0	the linens appeared clean and the towels were abundant .
0	i checked out of this filthy place _num_ hrs later and will never return .
0	very upsetting ... .
0	all delivered from an uncaring staff .
0	i do n't know why so many insurance companies have her as a provider .
0	worst experience ever coming to this doctor .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	`` she can pay with a check why would you tell her that ? ''
0	it 's dark , you ca n't see anything .
0	a thing i did n't like too much was the size .
0	the only good part of this location as opposed to the london location ?
0	he kinda listens , but is really looking at my tickets .
0	silly , i know , but i felt really bad .
0	so got the money back , but what a lot of trouble .
0	and disappointment .
0	way overpriced and not enough wax figures to see .
0	no one has returned our multiple calls and emails .
0	also it 's $ _num_ for a bottle of water .
0	we paid $ _num_ with a _num_ % discount .
0	this place is the absolute worst .
0	this is the worst for a disabled person to have to go through .
0	oh god , i pity him now .
0	the kitchen could n't even spare a second to check if it was done ?
0	this is n't going to be a positive post .
0	that day it was n't so bad .
0	i used to love going to that one with my mom as a child .
0	what really put me off about this place is the service .
0	that cost $ _num_ extra , each plate .
0	i 'd suggest going somewhere else , though .
0	apparently you folks are not so consistent from location to location .
0	them people that works there do n't know how to greet customers properly .
0	i do n't recommend going to this place at all .
0	yuck , after my first experience here i will never come back .
0	it 's overpriced & not really authentic to begin with .
0	change your service or get the heck out of hospitality business !
0	this is a shame for an established food chain !
0	how many customers like us have been treated this way .
0	sent it back and came back less salty .
0	assuming water was added because it was not that hot .
0	no meat and disappointing .
0	only coming here for the bakery in the future .
0	it was however , very greasy .
0	i am so insulted .
0	terrible .
0	so you wo n't be getting these crappy reviews .
0	change it & you might just drive better business .
0	but our other coworker did not .
0	but , i like the ones from crown bakery in chinatown much better .
0	they never fail me !
0	poor customer service .
0	i normally tip even for just picking up food from a restaurant but this time.
0	every filipino restaurant in new york gives a free order of rice per person .
0	but it is not a option .
0	not paying for something that i did not receive .
0	horrible experience !
0	the sales people and owner are not honest .
0	this is not a trustworthy or honest business .
0	they made such a small request seem like a huge inconvenience .
0	lady asked me where my cup is .
0	whoa she gave me very bad look like i am stupid .
0	the manager says , `` well , have you already eaten ?
0	if i could give it negative stars , i would .
0	if you want great italian at a better price , go to pasta mia .
0	( waiter tuxedo restaurant ) .
0	i 'm not .
0	it 's decor is not only very dated but a bit shabby .
0	after the specials were presented _num_ entrees were selected .
0	all come with their house salad and potatoes & vegetables .
0	the sides were ice cold a mashed potatoes & grilled carrot & greens .
0	both sides of pasta were poor simple as that .
0	the least expensive bottle of wine was the house wine at $ _num_ .
0	our bill came to $ _num_ without the _num_ % tip that we include .
0	this will not fly with locals .
0	it is a shame but we will never return .
0	i 'll pay top dollar for food- if it 's worth it .
0	truly disappointing that this place has turned into a joke .
0	i finally went and was disappointed beyond belief .
0	the service was rushed , the food was bland and expensive .
0	good food but bad service .
0	it took another _num_ minutes for me to find someone to pay the bill .
0	i am hoping they management reads this and takes appropriate actions .
0	i could bare my hear the waiter or the other guests at my table .
0	the veal was overcooked and drowned in sauce .
0	and prices are not too bad for vegas .
0	but with all the great restaurants in vegas there are better options .
0	waitress was fair , will not return .
0	i ate here this week and brought very good clients .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	just terrible .
0	entree 's came out during salads , waters were empty and staff was absent .
0	there are two empty tables next to us .
0	party of _num_ , over _num_ hours .
0	the food was decent , i just could n't stand the service .
0	we left somewhat disappointed .
0	this is not a gluten free friendly place .
0	do not eat the food off the grill here .
0	i was disappointed .
0	really are you kidding me ?
0	thus , no business for them .
0	you also do n't benefit from generous bartenders like you would at evening call .
0	are you effing kidding me ?
0	this is completely unacceptable .
0	doughy and bland .
0	she then drives _num_ minutes back home .
0	i left , never to return .
0	i went here after reading all the yelp reviews .
0	i do n't understand all the rave reviews .
0	that i found it that the cheese was $ _num_ .
0	now it is the most bland disgusting watered down garbage ever .
0	i have not been here since and do not plan on going back .
0	i would never go back again .
0	anyway , i 'll get to the point .
0	the food is okay but expensive for vegas .
0	worst place ever !
0	complete rip off !
0	i do not recommend this place .
0	but i had the worse experience ever .
0	worst place in town by far !
0	worst decision ever .
0	i could n't believe it .
0	seriously the worst place ever .
0	i was there for _num_ hours .
0	so , we ordered more ... big mistake .
0	and after all , it 's not his fault the kitchen is disgusting .
0	like a chain restaurant , straight out of a can .
0	must have been a bad day ?
0	cheap drinks !
0	atmosphere was trying but lacking !
0	if you are looking for great tapas , this just is n't the place .
0	big mistake .
0	i tasted no salt at all .
0	so delicous !
0	this is the 2nd time i 've been here .
0	real mistake on my part .
0	it is fine if you do n't really know food .
0	you would think someone would get _num_ + _num_ .
0	i wont be returning for a long long long time , if ever .
0	i swear to god , i tried almost every .
0	tapas , no .
0	this place is soooo off and on to me .
0	ate there tonight .
0	i had zero to drink - zero !
0	something going on with yelp review situation and this restaurant .
0	do n't let it happen to you .
0	however , i do believe i 've tasted much better tapas before .
0	the eggplant was so little , could barely taste it .
0	i have been here maybe _num_ times .
0	i would come back , as long as i do n't have him again .
0	should 've gone zero .
0	_num_ stars for this location , _num_ stars for other locations .
0	however , this is not the first time i became ill after eating here .
0	after some time , i decided to give this place another chance .
0	it 's such a shame because firefly has delicious tapas and drinks .
0	this was my go-to place for a long time .
0	i highly doubt it .
0	be warned , if they open again .
0	i just happened to get it the worst !
0	i 'm still in shock this has happened .
0	gals , i know what you go through and i feel ya !
0	shame on you .
0	therefore i associate junk with the brand .
0	totally unprofessional and uncaring to say the least .
0	my insurance must of sent the referral over _num_ times .
0	fyi ... that triple shot game is a tourist trap and a scam .
0	there was hardly any walking space between and around the _num_ queen beds .
0	sometimes rio is just too far from all the action so we stay here .
0	the rooms are small and the walls are sooooooo thin .
0	it can get packed and that carnival thing outside is loud !
0	i know to us our brother is slow , but come on !
0	you ca n't judge him , you do n't even know him .
0	harrah 's is old vegas , meaning smokey and nasty .
0	some are quite annoying but they never stop !
0	the rooms are small and nothing special .
0	the prices are cheap and it is for a good reason .
0	even if they offer me a comped room , i will never go back .
0	as well has terrible customer service .
0	went back to the room around 6:30 in the morning and slept .
0	my group decided on harrah 's for its location and relatively low room rates .
0	star reviews do n't make sense to me .
0	then my room was n't ready for another two hours .
0	show just ok , long line to get drinks .
0	no view .
0	if the following did not happen , _num_ stars .
0	they took _num_ days to set up the internet and still didnt get there .
0	i wish i would 've rather stayed at flamingo for the same price .
0	the rooms were quite noisy and not the cleanest either .
0	the cafe was decent for breakfast but we ate our other meals elsewhere .
0	if you do plan to stay here , please do n't have high expectations .
0	it feels like you went back to the 70s .
0	the room was so small and so was everything else in the room .
0	if you 're booking a room , there are better options in vegas .
0	there is a serious lack of communication at this hotel .
0	needs renovations ... i definitely will not pay to stay here .
0	check in line was slow ... total rewards was a mess .
0	i did n't even stay here so i am reviewing their casino floor .
0	shame .
0	you really get what you pay for here .
0	second , $ _num_ per day for internet ?
0	seriously , security needs to take a giant step back .
0	ridiculous !
0	this place sucks ass .
0	rooms are also not very good .
0	really have received no satisfaction from hotel or risk management firm .
0	also rooms a little worn .
0	the tables are hit or miss and the amount of smoke is ridiculous .
0	i actually tend to really like harrah 's casinos .
0	in all honesty , i 'd prefer my _num_ minutes back .
0	there is no sun on the pool at all .
0	just make sure you do not get rooms with connecting doors .
0	the bed in comfy though , so that 's a plus .
0	mini suite room - more expensive no couch room was run down .
0	windows so dirty you could n't see through them .
0	gross would never stay here again and i am pretty easy to please .
0	my husband and i came here to gamble during our stay in las vegas .
0	she was just absolutely terrible .
0	just about everything here is understaffed .
0	it is _num_ .
0	not for fee and not for free .
0	the starbucks in harrahs does not .
0	is wifi so important ?
0	harrahs is not where i will be staying ever again .
0	so forget them and the horse they rode in on .
0	there on business and not good .
0	was in two different rooms , neither had internet available .
0	its obvious the do n't vacuum here .
0	for the price here its not worth it .
0	nothing terrible , just no reason to go back .
0	room _num_ : rude front desk managers .
0	dog urine stains on sofa corners shower curtain full of mold .
0	if there were 1/2 star options i would rate it a _num_ .
0	oh , and if you want to enjoy the pool - it sucks .
0	well , smelled more like an ash tray now that i remember .
0	at 4pm this would be annoying , but at 10pm this is unacceptable .
0	my boyfriend , his dad , and i stayed at harrahs .
0	ugh .
0	we will not be coming back to stay , ever .
0	-- -- -the hotel itself was also disgusting !
0	pretty bad experience with this hotel .
0	this hotel has no customer services at all .
0	very sad !
0	my room was very substandard .
0	i looked around and left , it was just too busy .
0	shame on harrah 's .
0	i was pretty disappointed with their front desk customer service .
0	stayed in the mardi gras tower on the 16th floor .
0	the room was dirty and several things were broken or in need of maintenance .
0	free shuttle to rio , bally 's and paris .
0	higher tier rooms are of better quality .
0	the place has aged and is in need of some serious updating and renovation .
0	the buffet is just o.k .
0	no more .
0	the hotel room was fairly clean , bed was comfy .
0	not cool .
0	now i totally understand the ash tray smell in vegas .
0	cheap place to stay .
0	but the rooms are tiny and the beds are not that great .
0	the best cheap hotel that i prefer is the flamingo .
0	around the same price so i wo n't be staying here again .
0	harrah 's said , `` no prob . ''
0	then i show up , and my reservation has been cancelled .
0	i am not kidding .
0	the casino is outdated and lacking in the slot machine area .
0	me , i think harrah 's sucks .
0	the casino was pretty good and you could get drinks without waiting too long .
0	my 10th time to vegas and this is my least favorite hotel .
0	he doesnt offer to give me another one and was very rude .
0	the carpet is nasty .
0	for $ _num_ extra dollars .
0	resort fees were indeed included , as well as upgrade fees .
0	however , we definitely will not be staying here again .
0	our room seems to be assigned to someone else .
0	the bathrooms are horrible though , you ca n't hardly see anything in them .
0	over all i probably wo n't choose to stay here on my own .
0	as another reviewer said , this place is dirty .
0	ok , do casinos attract the greatest of folks ?
0	no , but the crowd at harrah 's seemed extra scary .
0	the next time i 'm in lv , i 'll be skipping this place .
0	she offered to upgrade our room to a pool view for an extra fee .
0	after suggesting a free upgrade for his birthday , i was rudely shot down .
0	on the second day we realized that the walls are not sound proof .
0	we could hear our loud neighbors .
0	buyers beware you have been warned .
0	the rooms sport terrible lighting and there is no free wi-fi .
0	_num_ ) rude .
0	save yourself some trouble and take your business elsewhere .
0	the hotel does not have wifi access .
0	everything else was just ok .
0	worse customer service , specially in the cafe .
0	_num_ minutes ?
0	borderline ridiculous .
0	unacceptable .
0	`` new york is very expensive '' .
0	then when the clerk asks for my id she comments on my coach wallet .
0	not good .
0	do n't do it word of advise .
0	told me my room as recently renovated .
0	room just looks cheap .
0	on the upside , the blackjack dealers were great .
0	i would also not use their on-line deals .
0	stay away and have a better experience in las vegas .
0	stay away if you have moderate standard requirements .
0	on a good note , the room is clean and the beds were comfortable .
0	rooms are ok clean but no wifi , are you kidding ?
0	worse than any hotel or motel i have ever been to !
0	but we notice not one difference in the room after that whole ordeal .
0	we paid _num_ the shit .
0	great location on the strip , but this place is otherwise pathetic .
0	would not pay to eat or gamble there .
0	worst experience in vegas by far !
0	and it wouldnt turn back off !
0	( without a picture ) what a nightmare .
0	horrible service , dirty rooms and broken tvs !
0	_num_ min to check in .
0	we had such an unpleasant experience i need to warn people .
0	told my husband to hit the rain locker because he stunk .
0	they give you soap for the shower but no hand soap for the bathroom .
0	the hotel amenities are among the worst on the strip .
0	the only good thing about this location is the location .
0	no theme to the casino as opposed to other hotels .
0	i would choose the flamingo rather than harrahs .
0	virtually every person was displeased with their room in one way or another .
0	ca n't take food to go unless you sit down .
0	checking in , the lady was rude .
0	the refrigerator was not working & had mold all in it .
0	the internet is horrible .
0	most pages wo n't load , if they do it takes 3-4 minutes .
0	worst hotel experience of my life !
0	i have never seen an air filter as filthy as this one .
0	not worth it .
0	worst customer service ever !
0	if u gamble do n't waste ur money to any total rewards casino !
0	i got sick after a day being there real quick .
0	i was treated very poorly by their supervisor joy .
0	instead of helping the situation , she wanted to get rid of me quickly .
0	beware , they only want your money .
0	does n't deserve a star at all !
0	very disappointed customer .
0	so i purchased the closest available seats which were around $ _num_ a ticket .
0	in a jungle full of competitive hotel service , harrahs lost my business .
0	will not be visiting harrahs in the future .
0	this is just terrible and unacceptable .
0	between 11pm and 6am , your room service food options are ... nothing .
0	a year ago , i probably would have given harrah 's three stars .
0	the smell is that of a _num_ year old ash tray .
0	the uniforms , brand in general is just terrible .
0	the a/c 's auto function didnt work .
0	harrahs casino in las vegas , what can i say .
0	anything to try and take a buck from ya .
0	nothing luxury about it .
0	everything in the room is beat up , old and/or stained .
0	the sports book is small and cramped , as is the poker room .
0	there are n't a lot of great restaurants .
0	a confusing parking structure with zero signage to help you get to the hotel .
0	my room was a standard room , and it was motel sized .
0	the door nearly hit the toilet when you would close it .
0	so , i set it at _num_ before going to gamble for the afternoon .
0	this place is an absolute dump !
0	find a hotel with parking security , saves you more money in the end .
0	worst setup i 've seen in a hotel room .
0	cheap price .
0	this place is the complete opposite .
0	this place is extremely understaffed .
0	as soon as you walk in the door , you can smell the smoke .
0	harrah 's is in serious need of a complete renovation top to bottom .
0	i am totally disappointed that this is what the new harrahs has become .
0	no coffee maker in room .
0	had to add water to get any pressure at all .
0	i hate they charge for wifi .
0	it was to hot in there i could n't sleep .
0	worst customer service i have ever ever witnessed .
0	do n't worry this establishment will be hearing from my attorney .
0	it does not compare to the one in southern california which is way newer .
0	too pricey for the quality .
0	the room itself needs some work .
0	they literally walk around and kick people out of the pool area at _num_ .
0	but of course , i didnt say a word .
0	is n't it your responsibility to greet the customers first ?
0	did they ever bother to call us ?
0	for what its worse : they said car break ins happen regularly .
0	harrahs room was old , stinky and in horrible condition .
0	i 've stayed at many caesars properties but this one has been the worst .
0	worse than that , they were still there when i checked out .
0	that 's horrible !
0	the decor is very outdated and dingy , they need a whole update !
0	the colors are just dreadful .
0	the room was just a basic king room , but the tv channels sucked .
0	there goes _num_ more star !
0	customer service not nice at all .
0	ridiculous !
0	such a nasty attitude .
0	old , dingy , better places to stay .
0	the hotel is ok nothing special but not horrible .
0	we called back , were put on hold and disconnected .
0	words can not describe the disappointment i feel .
0	_num_ minutes later , no water .
0	it took them _num_ minutes of research to get nothing .
0	the lights were so dim that you could barely see anything .
0	this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed at .
0	so we are upset but obviously need to catch some sleep .
0	over _num_ hours for check in .
0	only _num_ check in agents .
0	the parking lot has no cameras .
0	we have been loyal to harrah for over _num_ years .
0	should be no star .
0	wait time is over _num_ hours , and we are still in line .
0	the whole floor that my room is on smells like a locker room .
0	do not stay here .
0	also , no fridge !
0	terrible service .
0	i would n't recommend this hotel , if you could avoid it .
0	overall , harrah 's is a terrible hotel .
0	i do not recommend this hotel to anyone .
0	do n't do it unless you absolutely have to .
0	the carpet is disgusting .
0	very poor customer service at front counters and cleanliness .
0	we rate the place less than a star !
0	every thing else sucks .
0	it was supposed to be ready by _num_ pm .
0	the front desk lady kept trying to put me into a smaller room .
0	they made no attempt to make the situation right .
0	why would anyone want to play here ?
0	this place has gone downhill .
0	all of the poor reviews are right .
0	but this property in las vegas is old , dirty and low class now .
0	i did n't sit in it or set my luggage on it .
0	the windows were so dirty it was honestly hard to see out them .
0	if you 're getting free room offers , this is an okay hotel .
0	worst experience ever !
0	i think i might think it twice .
0	do n't even want to take a picture for the room .
0	i stayed out to gambling all night rather than sleeping in the room .
0	then why was the check-out sign placed there ?
0	i wish i could give zero stars .
0	will not return again and will not recommend anyone else either .
0	i 'm thinking omg this is discussing .
0	one bowl of soup from their food court was $ _num_ .
0	they also offered to remove the $ _num_ early check in fee .
0	there was a tv in the bathroom but there was no remote to it .
0	this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in !
0	the temperature said it was _num_ , but it felt like _num_ .
0	the location is fantastic for visiting the strip .
0	the people at the front desk are rude and incompetent .
0	the poker room sucked .
0	of the maid .
0	i would not stay here again even if they paid me .
0	it is dirty and the clientele leaves a lot to be desired .
0	the employees are rude due partially to ownership changes over the last _num_ years .
0	the third night the water was freezing cold and never got hot .
0	your housekeeping staff simply forgot us .
0	big mistake !
0	wrong !
0	she first said none were available .
0	but nothing like this .
0	that 's how horrible it is .
0	calls does n't take several days to pull .
0	i 'm sick of this shit .
0	but , i had trouble .
0	avoid this hotel , .
0	if you want them to print out your boarding pass another $ _num_ .
0	my biggest complaint was our hotel room key cards would not work !
0	since i could not get back to sleep , i decided to go out .
0	it had not been touched !
0	they also charge over $ _num_ per day for a resort fee .
0	the room was large enough to accomodate the roll away without feeling cramped .
0	serious gives me an instant headache .
0	lame .
0	speaking of towels , the pool is n't open at all .
0	full cost for resort fees though .
0	zero satisfaction .
0	they have let themselves totally go down the toilet .
0	the room and hallway look tired and dumpy .
0	it was disgusting .
0	a lot to be desired .
0	whether you 're on a smoking floor or not , you are .
0	it was a nightmare .
0	i have not stayed here in years .
0	horrible stay !
0	had to go up _num_ floors for an ice machine !
0	i was not refunded the deposit and it was charged to my credit card .
0	unfortunately this last stay rubbed me wrong at the start .
0	finally about _num_ i go wait in line again.
0	standing around chit chatting asked for a host _num_ times !
0	this was n't just our problem .
0	very disappointing .
0	no explanation , just `` you ca n't '' .
0	but what do you know it fails yet again .
0	worst hotel in vegas !
0	i cant find any other words to describe this wait besides pure torture !
0	and most likely it 's going to be more than _num_ minutes !
0	overall hotel look is very outdated .
0	the resort fee was a little pricey considering how outdated the hotel is .
0	most disrespectful , horrible customer service ever !
0	they never even sent someone up to clean our room !
0	room was dirty , musty , smelled .
0	- the room , omg , the room .
0	even with the discount i would n't come back here .
0	was told there were no non-smoking rooms , so i took a smoking room .
0	once we got to the room we could not cool it off fast enough .
0	it 's just not my thing .
0	after reading the reviews maybe i should n't complain .
0	there are better places for me to spend my money and enjoy myself .
0	linens and towels were cheap and meh .
0	really disappointed that a free room was a loss for me .
0	blow dryer is broken and missing pieces .
0	bathroom tile is cracked and has chunks out of it .
0	when they did , _num_ days later ... no clean sheets .
0	this is not my first visit to a hotel or resort .
0	either way , bad job !
0	the only positive thing about this harrah 's hotel is the location .
0	the service is also very slow and the employees are not convenient .
0	terrible front desk service .
0	anyway i go to the vip area to check in .
0	just to shower and sleep .
0	we stayed in the mardi gras tower and our room was outdated .
0	i will never , ever , ever book harrah 's in las vegas again .
0	the front desk manager was rude to me .
0	there was a very huge cockroach smashed in the bathroom .
0	sometimes , not everything is meant to .
0	why would anyone even consider eating here ?
0	i freakin hate that .
0	the only saving grace was that the drinks were strong .
0	the jasmine rice was also flavorless and a little rubbery .
0	not awesome ... hey i live in chicago we know awesome filet !
0	after being seated ... no paella .
0	i thought food was bland and you 're mostly paying for the ambiance .
0	dessert was a disaster .
0	no server stopped to see how everything was or if everything tasted ok .
0	is n't wolfgang puck known for his pizza ?
0	we did eventually get our drinks , though .
0	as you go back into the restaurant , you never lose that mall feel .
0	ate here on a saturday night .
0	when i am paying over $ _num_ for a pizza , i expect better .
0	the restaurant was n't even pack and there was barely anyone around us !
0	it took us over _num_ hrs to get food .
0	the place was basically empty , so i expect much better service .
0	needless to say , i wo n't be coming back .
0	i 've had way better pizzas .
0	on to the food .
0	with the veal , i would skip it .
0	hey spago , remember me ?
0	i came here like _num_ years ago , and i 'm still bitter .
0	the food is very mediocre .
0	so i 'm all dressed up and nowhere to go .
0	believe it our not .
0	there are so many better choices .
0	their was no wait to get a table .
0	first off , the service was awful .
0	oh well ... better luck next time vegas .
0	absolutely the worst food !
0	the pasta we ordered was very salty .
0	other than that , the service was ok .
0	once we got the food , it was mediocre .
0	i just kept thinking this is such a waste of money .
0	food was tasteless , including the sauces , especially on the pizza .
0	garbage .
0	garbage !
0	the entire back room was empty and ready for customers .
0	did n't live up to the waiter 's raves .
0	eh , not impressed .
0	i would n't return or recommend .
0	pasta , pizza , salads , sandwiches .
0	one of the most disappointing nights .
0	so disappointed .
0	very disappointing !
0	the staff is indifferent !
0	left us for another _num_ or _num_ minutes , before coming back .
0	our server comes over and says `` your entrees will be out shortly '' .
0	a few minutes later , he returned with our food .
0	it was not good at all .
0	my second course was the seafood risotto which was not bad .
0	i would have loved dessert , but that was not in the cards anymore .
0	horrible table after setting up a reservation .
0	was not at all impressed with the food .
0	disappointed in the meal and would not eat here again .
0	so i have bread and oil .
0	no pepper .
0	this is nothing more than a huge tourist trap !
0	he promised to investigate and get back to me promptly .
0	the food is way too overpriced and not even good .
0	i wish i can give no star because i really hated this place .
0	honestly one of the worst places ive eaten .
0	i could not enjoy any entree on the menu .
0	at some point , we were busy talking business and tried to ignore it .
0	although the setting is beautiful , the experience was n't for us .
0	overall , i was not happy .
0	the bill for four came to almost $ _num_ .
0	another disappointing experience at a wolfgang puck restaurant .
0	the restaurant makes dinning difficult .
0	do n't come here for the food .
0	i 've had better meals for 1/4 the price .
0	i used to eat here often , it 's gone downhill .
0	they ran out of anchovies so i did n't get to taste that .
0	overall , i 'm disappointed with the food .
0	the food was mediocre .
0	what a shame !
0	sadly , we probably wo n't be back .
0	should n't an expensive pizza have sauce and cheese ?
0	could hardly see it and certainly did n't taste it .
0	too bad they do n't put any ingredients on it .
0	over all a very overpriced mediocre experience from a big name chef .
0	nothing !
0	no dice .
0	please tell me why i would spend money with you ?
0	i was pretty much ignored when i walked in and wandered around .
0	i totally would have bought more if the service would have been better .
0	awful awful awful service .
0	even my make up artist would n't ring me up .
0	this is by far my worst experience at a mac store .
0	surprisingly the places was pretty empty .
0	all in all , this mac store is horrible .
0	no thanks !
0	i 'm giving one star but would give _num_ if i could .
0	whatever , no problem .
0	the customer service here is horrible .
0	i was not even freaking out .
0	i am never going to shop there ever again .
0	terrible customer service .
0	some of the so called make-up artist are not make-up artist at all .
0	there customer service is horrible .
0	terrible customer service !
0	next time we will go elsewhere !
0	boo , stay away from this store and check out the other locations .
0	and the store stinks like a sewer .
0	but i thought this place was terrible .
0	if the food is good , i really would n't mind or care .
0	but this place was just ridiculous .
0	actually , there were even parts of my pasta that were not fully cooked .
0	do n't be confused !
0	i hate dark chocolate !
0	overall poor experience .
0	this restaurant was a great disappointment .
0	i 've never had service so bad at a fine dining restaurant .
0	but this wine list was overwhelming to say the least .
0	disappointing at best and i have a feeling the dressing was from a bottle .
0	overall , nothing was too spectacular about this place , but it tasted fine .
0	oysters are getting warm and there 's no champagne .
0	we see the manager , george , walk by with the champagne .
0	has no one trained these servers how to work in a nice restaurant ?
0	i was def expecting more out of this place .
0	not home made at all .
0	besides the food being mediocre , the wait was forever .
0	he really made the dinner uncomfortable .
0	for their specials they offered a short rib ravioli with black truffle .
0	for dessert , the chocolate ravioli berries were delicious .
0	i would not recommend this to anyone .
0	the mushroom pizza as an appetizer was very average .
0	none of us finished our scoops !
0	gross !
0	this gelato is awful .
0	maybe it was a bad apple day .
0	i wish an italian themed hotel & casino would serve better sweets .
0	take your business somewhere friendlier , cheaper , better .
0	that 's not how it 's supposed to taste .
0	i could n't even finish it .
0	what a waste of money .
0	ridiculous .
0	avoid avoid avoid !
0	he was soo rude .
0	i left incredibly angry .
0	i would not recommend coming here at all .
0	my wife sampled _num_ and decided while son was still deciding .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	i would n't eat there again .
0	i dunno .
0	and this place is not mexican .
0	like _num_ cents for this , or a dollar for that .
0	no spice , no flavor , bland , bland , bland .
0	but i would not go back here or recommend it to anyone going either .
0	but everything fell apart when my entree came out .
0	this was the most bland mexican food i ever tasted in my life .
0	i 'm not joking .
0	oh , and yes , the chicken also did n't even taste like anything .
0	i doubt i will ever go back .
0	ugh .
0	do n't set those expectations if you 're going to eat here .
0	such a waste of food !
0	food gets _num_ stars , but price gets _num_ stars .
0	_num_ tacos for $ _num_ - tasted like it was from taco bell .
0	salsa & chips for under $ _num_ and they gave a lot of salsa .
0	is it cheap ?
0	the beans and rice were mediocre at best .
0	skip it !
0	it was just huge chunks of jalapeno and very little cheese and almost inedible .
0	coming from los angeles , i 've had my fair share of mexican food .
0	this looked like it would fit the bill .
0	i was n't too hungry , so i just ordered chips and guacamole .
0	all in all , i '' d never go back here .
0	we ate out entire meal without any refills of our beverages .
0	when we discussed our concerns with the manager , his only response was sorry .
0	the experience did not make me want to frequent the establishment again .
0	_num_ star is too much for this place .
0	the salsa is bland & no flavor .
0	i 'm embarrassed for this place and the mgr .
0	not by a long shot .
0	there is way better choices when it comes to mexican food in vegas .
0	omg by far the worse .
0	do n't nickel and dime patrons paying $ _num_ for a burrito .
0	this place is not good at all .
0	an hour into our meal , our dishes arrived and were flavorless and uncooked .
0	as it to your las vegas do n't do list .
0	terrible .
0	no spanish rice .
0	but forget all that , the food is bland .
0	cons : terrible & poor quality food .
0	the tortillas were flavorless and basically fell apart in my hands .
0	we waited _num_ minutes before anyone greeted us or gave us water .
0	we were there for _num_ hours when it should have taken half the time .
0	disappointed we wasted a meal here .
0	very pricey for very bad quality food .
0	this place has a lot of potential for great food .
0	your money is much better spent in the venetian food court .
0	bad stomach pain .
0	i 'd skip this one .
0	they charge _num_ dollars for chips and salsa .
0	any mexican place that charges for this is a joke .
0	i 've had better seasoning on beans from a can .
0	the barbacoa was tender , but the sauce was awful .
0	it fell apart with a fork and was a little on the sweet side .
0	the food was n't so great .
0	the service here is very poor and slow .
0	our server seemed unhappy to wait on our large party and generally unhelpful .
0	the cheese enchiladas are ok covered with a spicy mole sauce .
0	the tacos are neither street nor gourmet : on a par with chipotle .
0	when it comes to this one , i say just pass it up .
0	unbelievable .
0	rude rude rude .
0	i realize its vegas but no .
0	gross .
0	you fail hard .
0	this place sucks .
0	is n't this vegas ?
0	what a total waste of time !
0	next time i can just use up this card real quick i guess .
0	taste wise , it had no flavor at all .
0	food is your typical bar food , that just is n't good .
0	anything worth a damn is out of order .
0	they only allowed drinks on the arcade floor anyways .
0	do n't waste your money or time .
0	there was shredded chicken and mexican rice in the bottom of the clear broth .
0	the excitement ended with that sentence .
0	i also was n't crazy about the take out presentation .
0	the bacon just left a bad taste in my mouth .
0	it all came out for $ _num_ .
0	he did however give us a card for a free frosty next visit .
0	they have a system that does n't work .
0	they simply do n't care .
0	she was extremely condescending .
0	do n't waste your time with this place .
0	if there was a way to give a place negative stars , i would .
0	you 're better off in the sun .
0	this is bad business .
0	ew seriously the worst company i 've ever dealt with .
0	sorry discount , i wo n't be back next week .
0	decent selection ok prices but very lacking on customer service .
0	i 'm officially done with discount firearms .
0	he then just started chatting with other employees .
0	they cater to tourist wanting to shoot guns .
0	there is no `` discount '' at this business .
0	there is nothing discount about this place .
0	on balance , the service here is hit or miss ( ha !
0	both times i have been in here i have been disappointed .
0	he treated me like a kid who had no clue what he wanted .
0	never get helped when i go in .
0	you have to try to find someone yourself , which is n't easy .
0	maybe they were having a bad day .
0	big fat fail , discount .
0	ok so i come to discount every sunday or monday everytime without incident .
0	but today was the worst .
0	horrible .
0	i then replied `` i 'm testing the reset '' .
0	i could n't believe it .
0	im usually not off sundays and i usually use their range on the weekdays .
0	instead , they would rather take advantage of us .
0	i had to chase him down to get some questions answered .
0	it was truly disappointing .
0	$ _num_ they just lost .
0	not worth your time and money .
0	hopefully the other helicopter tours over the strip are better than this .
0	so _num_ hours later , i called .
0	no ac .
0	and for a _num_ minute flight !
0	very tacky in my mind .
0	ok , i can see that but i have a reservation .
0	i remain thankful for my luck .
0	found a deal online making the fly over the strip $ _num_ less .
0	ummm , hello ?
0	so disappointing , extreme waste of time and money .
0	staff is inattentive in their offices , letting people cut in line , etc .
0	this place needs a management overhaul and customer service skills .
0	do n't use this company !
0	i can not believe anyone was able to give this company a good review !
0	long story short no one went up and we never reached them .
0	i would not recommend to anyone !
0	service sucked as well .
0	save your money and go to prime rib buffet .
0	i have never experienced a night like this .
0	the service actually is not good .
0	the waiter even gave my mother attitude when she asked him about a drink .
0	all we could hear was the booth 's next to us feed .
0	service was also somewhat lacking , despite it being early like i said .
0	avoid their boneless buffalo wings at all costs .
0	no wonder they 're all closing down !
0	first problem is their prices .
0	and the director is not helpful at all , she is rude and condescending .
0	the locker room is small .
0	there 's mold on the floor around the pool and the spa .
0	i am so disgusted at the failure of this gym .
0	ladies locker room are not properly cleaned .
0	not really a fan .
0	hotel needs is in need of renovation .
0	i spent _num_ nights _num_ days in this hotel in my visit .
0	meaning you have to spend about a minute to open facebook .
0	- they will barely give you shampoo .
0	am i lucky or is it a standard in the scrambled eggs !
0	would n't go back to this hotel .
0	i 'm staying here for _num_ weeks for work .
0	i was looking at a urine stain on the comforter .
0	so we 're in room _num_ now , we were in room _num_ .
0	this is appalling , seriously !
0	the lobby has a little smell but our room was horrible !
0	the guy at the desk just said its a problem with the hotel .
0	they were unable to move us or do anything about the odor .
0	the whole trip was a mistake .
0	do not stay here .
0	we left & stayed @ another hotel .
0	the hotel is in desperate need of new carpeting , it is disgusting .
0	i felt horrible in front of all those people .
0	the lack of understand and empathy for a customer was very shocking here .
0	the worst experience i have ever had .
0	are you fucking kidding me ?
0	the housekeeping was also terrible .
0	finally , this hotel is really poorly located .
0	the taxi to the strip cost almost $ _num_ .
0	this is the worst banana republic that i 've ever been too .
0	but you understand '' and walked away while i was still talking to her .
0	had a terrible experience at this store .
0	awful customer service .
0	thumbs down the business owner should update the info with yelp !
0	my son checked in first with me wednesday the 25th .
0	i ca n't even express how bad that was .
0	the pool is closed , we paid extra for the secret garden .
0	if we stay there again she will personally make sure everything runs smoothly .
0	i rather go to the outlets in vegas and find cheaper items .
0	no greeting .
0	i am sorry i bothered you , i thought .
0	she was talking and laughing with other employees .
0	as far as the iphone is concerned , i think i can wait .
0	i 'm thinking , `` no big deal , it 's a battery . ''
0	i do n't have a problem with apple .
0	las vegas fashion show mall was my one sour apple experience .
0	i do n't even know what 's going on half of the time .
0	my least favorite experience was trying to get an iphone _num_ with them .
0	the whole experience was miserable .
0	i got there on time , but absolutely no employee would look at me .
0	my model was not in stock .
0	i 'm giving them _num_ star .
0	never going back to apple .
0	so i drove there again for nothing !
0	i 'm tired of apples abysmal customer service .
0	this store is no exception .
0	it is almost _num_ years old .
0	_num_ days later i still have n't heard from them .
0	she proceeds to wish me a good day and hang up on me .
0	worst experience ever .
0	not impressed with the customer service .
0	totally ignorant .
0	lost photos , notes , and other content .
0	circus circus is half ghetto , half trailer park and _num_ % hell .
0	otherwise , it 's a seriously dismal place .
0	i did n't stay too long after winning the $ _num_ .
0	it 's got games and the carousel bar and cheesy circus acts .
0	( ok , maybe then . )
0	as your attorney , i advise you to take mr. duke 's advice .
0	really bad .
0	the rude service at the hotel desk .
0	the shops suck and the restaurants were just mediocre .
0	they have a really disgusting buffet !
0	wrong .
0	what a complete waste of space .
0	- that late night drive across the desert .
0	ok , not a bad idea .
0	ugh .
0	one of the worst hotels on the strip !
0	the shower head was clogged , too .
0	worst casino on the strip in my opinion , worst buffet as well .
0	i ca n't believe anyone winning here .
0	too many freaking kids .
0	needless to say , i did n't use that coffee table .
0	i would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
0	when i walked in , my room reeked of cigarette smoke .
0	you 've found the only slot machines in vegas that never pay .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	_num_ . )
0	well , it 's cheap and you can park an rv here .
0	tacky , tacky deco , if you can even call it that .
0	its cheap , convenient to the strip .
0	but it was cheap and you definitely do get what you pay for .
0	i do n't like kids so i was n't happy about that either .
0	tacky as hell !
0	but it was a place to lay my head and it was n't dirty .
0	club ?
0	we should have at least gotten a discount for putting up with that !
0	also , you have to pay for internet here , which is the pits .
0	at circus circus for a bite .
0	it 's shocking pink !
0	lame lame .
0	i have looked high and low for one of these for years .
0	really disappointed i did n't choose the luxor .
0	$ _num_ for stuff that was supposed to be included .
0	that $ _num_ was their `` tip '' .
0	bad mistake .
0	you 're wrong !
0	blow this place up !
0	it is just too far from the real strip where all the fun is .
0	this is too kid friendly for me .
0	$ _num_ - you get what you pay for .
0	if you have never been you should at least pass by the casino .
0	i 'm not trying to sound racist , but really ... what the hell ?
0	walking around past the casino and around the whole hotel really is n't fun .
0	every restaurant in there was so expensive , and definitely not worth it .
0	overall , this place is a roach motel for clowns .
0	the staff is horrid and have bad attitudes .
0	which is supposedly their modern tower .
0	too crowded .
0	my car was safe and i felt safe walking around outside .
0	_num_ good reasons to not stay at this hotel .
0	i can only imagine what the low end rooms are like .
0	not worth the $ _num_ price of admission .
0	they need to remodel the casino , is so outdated .
0	now , it is looks so run down .
0	gross : everything was just dirty , or looked dirty .
0	so much smoke , and sooooo many lights .
0	maybe even less .
0	one word : disgusting .
0	yeah , that makes me want to drop some money here .
0	and im not kidding .
0	i missed a meal being hungover and lazy .
0	i seriously ate there like _num_ times .
0	now when you gain _num_ pounds , do n't blame me .
0	no clubs .
0	and those people who attack you as you walk by .
0	you 're better off at stratosphere for the same price .
0	omg , this place is a dump from head to toe .
0	seriously , you could n't pay me $ _num_ a night to stay here .
0	the front entrance starts things off by looking tired and depressing .
0	stayed here one night , i 'll probably never do it again .
0	i paid _num_ bucks i think , so i was n't expecting much .
0	was n't too smoky either .
0	i would have given this place no stars had it not been so cheap .
0	i only went here because weekend rates are ridiculous .
0	i just want a nap , so i get under the covers .
0	the waaaay too soft pillows that provided no support .
0	but again , _num_ bucks a night .
0	cheap hotel and casino .
0	but there 's nothing special about this place .
0	one thing i did n't like was that the walls were pretty thin .
0	this place is a piece of crap .
0	this includes pool access , the fitness room , etc .
0	the casino itself is pretty bad and noisy -- no high class establishment here .
0	this kept all our booze nice and cold .
0	this casino may be on the strip , but not really .
0	this was my first experience of vegas as a child .
0	i remember back then i would have given this place _num_ stars !
0	but that does n't mean i would n't ever go back .
0	unless , you write a yelp review about it .
0	room service is only 6am to noon .
0	no coffee or fridge in room .
0	circus circus is now a freak show .
0	when you walk in , its like spam .
0	the pool , all the restaurants , the hallways , etc .
0	there never seems to be anything new .
0	it 's not .
0	it 's a shame really .
0	i will never step foot in this place again .
0	gross !
0	first off its suppose to be for kids .
0	second , the security is limited and very slow .
0	third , the place is very dirty and ghetto .
0	the sides were also crap .
0	the bed was surprisingly comfy , but smelled slightly of cigarettes .
0	i was disappointed to see that the carousel bar was out of service .
0	our room smelled like rotten feet .
0	i hate this place .
0	this is really far down on the strip .
0	i would not let my kids hang out in there .
0	it takes them _num_ minutes to send the security officer to open the door .
0	pillows took _num_ minutes to come .
0	it 's pretty bad in there and almost creepy .
0	maybe they should just blow it up and build something else there .
0	this is not the place for you if you wanted something luxurious .
0	the casino was n't the greatest around either .
0	if you wan na be party time , go buy drinks from the bar .
0	so in the end it boiled down to price and enough available rooms .
0	bad .
0	the sheets were not even close to being clean .
0	spare yourself ; avoid this place !
0	rooms did n't have shower caps and could n't get hold of front desk .
0	forget about fear of clowns , if that 's your issue .
0	i wish that i had n't .
0	they were gracious enough to offer me late check-out for the inconvenience .
0	i booked over the phone and they gave me the wrong room .
0	hell to the no .
0	why am i giving this place _num_ stars again ?
0	worst mistake ever .
0	the wallpaper was peeling off in our room , bathroom and the hallways .
0	do n't expect great drink service no matter how much you tip .
0	their restaurants are mcdonalds and krispy kreme if that tells you anything haha .
0	the room , not bad .
0	nicer than some of the others i have stayed in but still .
0	oh this circus is lv ?
0	the name of the place is circus circus , for crying out loud !
0	i mean , c'mon people !
0	that being said , the hotel is , in fact , terrible .
0	if i ever return to vegas , i will certainly not be staying here !
0	the internet is extremely slow .
0	the remote control does not work .
0	_num_ . )
0	there is nothing at all i can say nice about this place .
0	we also considered playing a little blackjack because they had some cheap tables .
0	but at this point i felt like i needed a shower .
0	skip this place !
0	it is a sight that just reeks of old and outdated .
0	same boring walls with same boring interior .
0	it almost feels like you 're in a motel .
0	the place is a giant indoor carnival .
0	you are not missing anything .
0	my expectations were not met .
0	i could n't make it ten minutes each time i come .
0	would not reccomend this place !
0	but a little cleanliness never hurt anyone .
0	not even the hot chocolate won the approval of my children .
0	i stayed in the manor buildings .
0	it 's not worth it !
0	disgusting !
0	_num_ clerks checking guests in and out , making the wait really painful .
0	lobby area : really dated , dark , and generally shabby looking .
0	casino : old and dated .
0	_num_ star .
0	we did n't explore the midway or eat at any of the restaurants .
0	we will not be staying here ever again .
0	no thanks .
0	circus circus is on the strip but really far north .
0	i really do n't think vegas is a place to take kids .
0	it was in the newer tower so that may be why .
0	first mistake was staying at circus circus hotel .
0	well lesson learn and money waste .
0	worst place ever !
0	i think this is the most ghetto casino in existence in las vegas !
0	our rooms were disgusting !
0	the room was weak .
0	there was no fridge or even coffee maker .
0	do not stay at this place !
0	worst customer service in las vegas .
0	slots are ultra tight and table games are hard to find .
0	they are boring yes .
0	a visit to circus circus was enough for me .
0	cab ride from planet hollywood was $ _num_ .
0	the place is in serious need of cleaning and renovation .
0	i would not recommend this hotel to anyone .
0	i did n't bother checking it out though .
0	but for like $ _num_ for _num_ nights , i ca n't really complain .
0	lots of food , but lack of taste .
0	the hotel will give you that creepy feeling , too .
0	that will not last , though .
0	the casino was gross .
0	kids were running around everywhere screaming at all hours of the night .
0	also the people that work there are beyond idiots .
0	please do n't stay in the manor if you can avoid it .
0	the rest is just empty abandoned space .
0	i could see where that might be helpful .
0	so many problems with this place , where to start .
0	just stay away .
0	stay away not even a motel _num_ could compare to this .
0	i do n't know who would pay money to stay here .
0	i am not surprised if they even have bed bugs .
0	the free wi-fi was horrible as well .
0	worst casino ever !
0	it 's just a horrible place .
0	gross !
0	just go outside the hotel get your water for way cheaper .
0	can not beat that .
0	me , my boyfriend , and _num_ brothers stayed in the manor .
0	every time we would come back to our room ... it reeked .
0	it was horrible !
0	wrong decision .
0	like , really sad .
0	overall : it 's sad and terrible and far away .
0	loud , dirty , unfriendly staff .
0	layout : horrible .
0	ambiance : this hotel appears severely outdated , sad and depressing .
0	cheap and basic are no longer good enough for las vegas hotels .
0	i will never stay here again and might be leaving tonight .
0	disgusting .
0	the cleanliness of the room , i would say was below average .
0	the carpet in the hotel had an unpleasant smell .
0	however , i am not .
0	nothing to get excited about .
0	this place is awful !
0	i mean really , really depressing .
0	it literally stinks !
0	unfortunately , this hotel really shows its age .
0	we ate at three places while there and overall they were crappy .
0	so , lesson to be learned , these rooms are not nice rooms .
0	but it is cheap .
0	avoid .
0	circus circus is still using the carpet and decor from the _num_ 's !
0	it 's run down and just ghetto !
0	avoid staying here if you can .
0	the only reason we stayed here is because of the price .
0	place use to get a _num_ out of me when i was little .
0	this was honestly one of the most disgusting places i have been inside .
0	gross !
0	if they try to stick u in the `` manor '' its a dump .
0	it 's is absolutely depressing to go to this casino .
0	the entire establishment has a tired , desperate vibe .
0	the music is just a little too cheery , a little too loud .
0	wow , is there a negative _num_ star ?
0	seriously , the only accurate word to describe this place = ghetto !
0	ruin my night ?
0	is n't that something ?
0	otherwise , go elsewhere for better clowns .
0	this was by far the worst .
0	was unable to do the express checkout .
0	long , long walk to the next hotel .
0	the rest of the casino / hotel felt dirty , old and uncomfortable .
0	we could n't wait to get out the second we stepped in .
0	you get plenty of dirt , cheap .
0	compared to other hotels this one is very old and dirty .
0	its like motel _num_ quality rooms .
0	avoid this place for everything other than the steakhouse .
0	they would not send a manager or security to our room .
0	very poor service and service recovery .
0	they stand behind the counter and just looks bored .
0	despite the nice hotel room is not the hotel worth more than _num_ star .
0	no alcohol in the comp drinks .
0	players card is different from all other mgm properties , ca n't combine points .
0	not a good place to stay .
0	hotel employees are not professional .
0	please do n't stay at this casino .
0	this place smell so bad you wo n't able to stand it .
0	the worst hotel experience in vegas that i have done .
0	it needs hotel impossible to come and rescue it .
0	hey , do n't worry me trying to sleep , guys .
0	none of which i really had an interest in .
0	_num_ ) room service is at like 8am every morning !
0	the area is very questionable .
0	the desserts were all store pies and cakes and cookies it was really sad .
0	( note adventure dome is on another floor and was not smokey .
0	spend a little bit of money and clean up / face lift this place .
0	not in the actual casino but across the street !
0	bad idea .
0	the breakfast buffet is not bad but for $ _num_ thats a big breakfast .
0	the walls are paper thin .
0	worst hotel i 've ever stayed at .
0	i can get over the prices because , hey , it 's vegas .
0	this place is run down and overpriced .
0	its an old hotel , really needs updating badly .
0	room _num_ .
0	the room is old and outdated .
0	no coffee maker , no fridge , no nothing .
0	beds are old , pillows are small only _num_ on each bed .
0	no starbucks in the hotel but there is a krispy kreme .
0	the place was clean but not worth the price go elsewhere .
0	the only good thing about this place is adventure dome .
0	other than that , this probably is not the best place .
0	most likely will not be coming back here in the future .
0	not cool circus circus , not cool !
0	so if you with your girl then you may not enjoy the pool .
0	the game area is just unorganized .
0	they were chatting away on the side .
0	the gaming area did not look clean .
0	drove all the way from la for a convention show .
0	do not stay here .
0	none of these things is huge for me , but things add up .
0	stupid employees , stupid employees everywhere .
0	these arcade machines will make you lose money faster than the penny slots downstairs .
0	you know how some people `` take a break `` from their kids .
0	it 's _num_ bucks a person and it tastes like shit !
0	if you 're a low frills type of person , go for it .
0	check in time is chaos !
0	to my surprise i find that there is no available wifi .
0	really , someone else can hold the baby ?
0	and the room smells like cigarette smoke .
0	people was drinking in the hallways and the lobby .
0	this place is ghetto stay away i warned you .
0	horrible room considering we paid over $ _num_ for the room .
0	it 's my own fault for not understanding the room situation before i booked .
0	the property is in tear down condition and no one is in the casino .
0	no educated person ( people with money ) would wear these .
0	why did i walk back into this place ?
0	the place is smoky and the crowd here is rough .
0	i 'm not coming back anytime soon .
0	my son could n't breath and ended up very sick !
0	this hotel deserves no stars !
0	i could n't bare to spend a night there and left immediately .
0	the whole place is just dirty and trashy .
0	it 's really not too much to ask .
0	the entire casino is not smoke free and the smoke just stays in place .
0	disappointed .
0	not circus circus .
0	there is no ventilation in the rooms , everything is really old .
0	also , it 's in a bad part of vegas .
0	only reviewing the breakfast buffet .
0	$ _num_ per person , best deal on the strip .
0	side note : this place actually feels like a circus .
0	they are all crying and screaming and throwing food everywhere .
0	that is how i describe this place .
0	check-in sucks .
0	employees no smile on there face as if are forced to work .
0	also , another plus was the large variety of slot machines .
0	checking in was easy , staff was quick and courteous .
0	also the employees were the least friendly on the strip .
0	impossible to reccomend .
0	yuck , worst hotel ever .
0	hey , circus circus has to do with some part of their wedding .
0	the layout of the place is horrendous .
0	and , you do n't wan na be lost here .
0	the ventilation is so bad .
0	the location of this place is really terrible .
0	not walking distance close , but close enough .
0	there was a brown stain i could only hope was chocolate .
0	the room service and any service at that is just ridiculous .
0	oh , and there is a _num_ cup of coffee per day limit !
0	the ventilation in the rooms is pretty bad too .
0	just checked in and i 'm already searching for another hotel to stay at .
0	this place seems so shady !
0	even in the upgraded room the walls are thin .
0	rude !
0	do n't waste your money here !
0	there are definitely better places to stay , but this was nice and cheap !
0	yes , it is cheap but it is not worth it .
0	a couple of years ago i went to vegas with my california cousins .
0	let me start with this : i am not high maintenance .
0	but in vegas , i expect a little bit better .
0	circus circus was a big mistake , absolutely disgusting .
0	awesome but lasts only a second .
0	casino staff was nice though .
0	gross .
0	i stayed here one time and totally regret it .
0	free parking !
0	too crammed up & smokey .
0	glad i came here once , just to check it out .
0	motel _num_ is cleaner and has better staff .
0	another guest runs it over before i had a chance to grab it .
0	the bell boy just asked for his tip so he could leave !
0	i was traveling with _num_ under _num_ !
0	i will never stay here again and i will write bad reviews everywhere .
0	fear not the management and the hotel do not give a shit !
0	plenty of other cheap hotels in vegas that are not this bad !
0	and _num_ a night is not a cheap hotel !
0	in certain rooms , you can smell smoke .
0	you could not pay me a progressive jackpot to stay here again .
0	if i could give it _num_ stars , i would .
0	such a bad experience with this hotel .
0	i was wrong .
0	the elevators to get to the hotel entrance are disgusting .
0	such a a disappointment .
0	having other reps telling me what he said is not professional .
0	wont never stay here again .
0	the walls are paper thin and you can hear everybody from up , down .
0	do not stay in the manor .
0	the customer service sucks .
0	they also now have rides but super loud in the dome .
0	the carpet was horribly filthy .
0	beware do not have the same horrible experience .
0	expecting a motel _num_ rather than a resort type room .
0	if i could give it zero stars , i would .
0	the food was not worth the price at all !
0	avoid the manor lodge at any cost !
0	still , it cost me _num_ dollars for one night .
0	the worst part is that the room is outdated .
0	we just checked out from circus circus .
0	we recently went to circus circus , and it was horrible .
0	otherwise , this would have gotten one star .
0	the place is old , smells and dingy .
0	or deal with some seriously disappointed kids with their flower prizes .
0	i believe it 's $ _num_ for an all day pass .
0	also , the buffet is like hometown buffet but twice the price .
0	i would never bring my child here .
0	smelly , sketchy and very cheap .
0	the casino is very smokey and dirty .
0	no ventilation like the newer hotels .
0	gross !
0	i did n't want to touch anything .
0	honey thats not my problem .
0	did n't know the correct steps to apply the `` gel '' polish .
0	at my regular salon it only takes _num_ minutes for a pedicure .
0	they say they take walk-ins ... but no one works there .
0	this place is unorganized and not kept up very well .
0	what a waste of time & money !
0	badly .
0	if you have kids is ok place to stay .
0	i was trying to plan a vacation , and stay here .
0	once again horrible .
0	the rooms are really cheap for a reason , they are old and basic .
0	but , avoid it if you can .
0	only _num_ towels .
0	no tv channels to speak of .
0	a salesperson named heidi cancelled my reservation without telling my party and i .
0	not to mention , i 'd be afraid to walk anywhere from this hotel .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	not my favorite hotel on the strip , but inexpensive .
0	the internet sucks here .
0	clerks are rude !
0	this hotel is not for children !
0	this place is a scam .
0	one or two more guys would go a long way .
0	not cool .
0	clearly stated eggs , pancakes , sausage or bacon and toast .
0	wish there is an zero star rating !
0	anyway , of course she could n't know what i do for a living .
0	staying at this hotel made my stay in vegas absolutely miserable .
0	dirty , old , and run down .
0	only thing i 'll give it is the cheap pricing .
0	never again will i stay there .
0	but the room 's walls are too thin .
0	if the walls were thicker i would n't be able to hear them .
0	this place is worst than a cheap motel never coming back .
0	one of the worst experience i had in a casino .
0	i checked into the hotel and checked out _num_ minutes later .
0	getting a little bit old and nasty .
0	i 'm not sure what to say about this place .
0	left a gross taste in my mouth .
0	so ya it 's cheap ... .
0	i spent little money , but lost some of my soul here .
0	this is n't located on the new nor the old strip ... .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	i left it on for _num_ mins but still no hot water .
0	it was late ( approx .
0	it went very slow ... at least _num_ minutes until i reached an agent .
0	the problems were non stop .
0	nasty !
0	a nightmare !
0	the parking lot is creepy .
0	later on she will deny it .
0	yes in the trash .
0	overall i would rate this _num_ / _num_ .
0	it is harder to get the large prizes .
0	luckily , the adventure dome was a lot better .
0	oh and the parking lot is creepy .
0	horrible experience .
0	feb _num_ , _num_ .
0	online for one night at this hell whole !
0	still , no refund .
0	we got a room for about $ _num_ including the $ _num_ resort fee .
0	i did not want to be on the first floor .
0	but then again this is vegas so that 's to be expected .
0	the _num_ inch tube tv ( blank stare in _num_ ) did not work .
0	garbage .
0	there was a cocktail waitress who tried to help .
0	she got an off the clock attended .
0	she was _num_ to _num_ years of age with short curly hair .
0	sorry no one in this place knows anything about costumer service .
0	terrible job management .
0	worst fucking place ever .
0	they have no clue how to play .
0	i 'd rather sleep in a cab .
0	but people here are very rude .
0	not terrible but not great .
0	vegas is not for kids .
0	in the words of my _num_ year old it was `` kinda creepy . ''
0	there 's just no more reason to have circus circus .
0	if i had children i would not want them in this place .
0	so i dont want to say too much negative stuff .
0	to he horrible stink !
0	let alone the horrible service !
0	coffee machine with no coffee pot , no extra rolls of toilet paper !
0	nasty .
0	worst hotel i stayed in years !
0	the customer service was horrible .
0	they claim they have k cup coffee , another lie .
0	i would n't return if the room was free !
0	our neighbors were so loud we could hear everything they were saying .
0	in the morning , we realized we had some bed bug bites .
0	they sucked .
0	we literally have a video of them yelling , what a ridiculous property .
0	horrible .
0	there 's children everywhere , for me it 's not at all pleasant .
0	just unprofessional and over priced for what you get .
0	overall , this place was better than the expected for the price we paid .
0	overall this was not a bad place to stay .
0	seriously regret staying here .
0	the circus acts were only a few minutes long but ok especially for children .
0	the manor is in another area not connected to the main hotel/casino .
0	hmm , could their housekeeping department be biased ?
0	just a disgusting waste of money for poor quality and even worse customer service .
0	they upgraded us to a suite and comp 'd is _num_ breakfast buffett .
0	_num_ star was for horrible service .
0	customer service sucks at the front desk .
0	the place smells like one , gigantic cigarette and appears filthy .
0	obviously , will never set foot in that hell hole again !
0	put a sign so we do n't wait in line .
0	_num_ ) why ca n't you pay with two credit cards for admission ?
0	_num_ ) need to expand that area , way to small .
0	the beds are old and uncomfortable .
0	and everything just looked old and broken down .
0	pay a bit more and go elsewhere !
0	2nd the room they gave us , the air conditioner was out .
0	my oh my where do i start ?
0	rule number one in business accommodate your paying guest .
0	i 'm not even in the resort .
0	all of which i checked into when i was _num_ with no problems .
0	at new york new york i was upgraded into the second nicest room available .
0	i will not return and will warn friends and relatives about this place .
0	look around before booking a room here and save yourselves the trouble .
0	i heard a lot of great things about this place and was highly disappointed .
0	the rides are outdated and the arcade games are extremely dirty .
0	it 's sad to see what has become of this place .
0	the restaurant is the only good thing going for circus circus .
0	the ceiling is low , the place smells awful , gambling sucked .
0	would never come back here unless i had my kids .
0	if you 're hungry , go elsewhere .
0	this was the worst hotel i 've ever stayed at !
0	not a pleasant feeling knowing the bathroom locks do n't work .
0	unfortunately this review can keep going but i think the idea is clear .
0	i ca n't stop laughing !
0	this hotel is the worst i have ever stayed at .
0	we visited it and turned right around and walked out .
0	this was a nightmare of a stay .
0	just does n't feel right anymore .
0	its luster is lacking .
0	they just about destroyed my _num_ year relationship with them without really caring .
0	did n't hear anybody winning anything , nor did i , all day friday .
0	oh that 's how we do it , the hotel manager told me .
0	just does n't feel right anymore .
0	not even to use the casino , or the bathroom .
0	they just about destroyed my _num_ year relationship with them without really caring .
0	am i alone in this world when giving my word ?
0	this is now my third time staying in las vegas .
0	it was obvious they do n't have a real disaster plan .
0	it was _num_ degrees outside .
0	would i stay here again , no not ever !
0	_num_ . )
0	other than that , i will never be staying in circus circus again .
0	all i could say im very disgusted , disappointed and frustrating .
0	there are cigarette burns on the sheets and it reeks of smoke !
0	i will not stay at circus circus again .
0	i 'm so disgusted !
0	poor customer service .
0	the experience is something i will never forget .
0	the room itself looked ok at first glance .
0	none of the ice machines were properly working .
0	the swimming pool was extremely disgusting , way too overcrowded and just gross .
0	i will not come back to this hotel even if i get paid .
0	cab fare from the hotel sucks too .
0	i totally regret that .
0	shame on me for not doing more of my own homework .
0	i was there for a conference , and for some time away from life .
0	the walls in the rooms must be paper thin .
0	they have a nasty attitude and take it out on all families .
0	do n't stay at this hotel .
0	she is there to provide customer service .
0	this server left us waiting _num_ minutes for a drink .
0	no big deal !
0	eh is about all i can say for circus circus .
0	they have newer machines , but everything else is just stale .
0	horrible !
0	here is my experience staying with circus circus on october _num_ , _num_ .
0	worst hotel i have ever stayed at !
0	would n't recommend this hotel to anyone .
0	the bedding was a bit stained and had some holes was not very soft .
0	i would prob not stay here again .
0	after we got into our room , there 's no chair !
0	next morning , no hot water .
0	hell no !
0	we still do n't have our $ _num_ back and we are pissed .
0	only giving one star cause i think i had too .
0	if i could give them half a star i would .
0	this was worst hotel i 've stayed in .
0	with no explanation !
0	horrible .
0	the next four days were worse .
0	the room i 'm in smells , but not terribly .
0	this is n't a joke , seriously it 's bad .
0	circus circus is a sad joke .
0	reserved a room here , checked in , saw the room , and left .
0	so frustrated .
0	i ca n't even get the smell out of the stuff i bought .
0	the room was gross and the heater was blowing out cold air .
0	bottom line : older , dirty casino .
0	ventilation in the arcade sucks .
0	overall , dirty hotel , incompetent staff and poor service .
0	the room was not clean ready for new guests .
0	thats why i 'm giving it on star .
0	the casino is n't as nice as other hotels .
0	there is a stench that has no equal .
0	i avoided spending too much time in the casino because of the smell .
0	ever .
0	whatever you do do n't stay in room _num_ .
0	do n't be fooled by the pictures online .
0	this place is so outdated , its unbelievable .
0	very , very trashy place with an odd smell .
0	avoid this place like the plague .
0	walmart hotel form sorta , except the employees seem to care .
0	as an adult those clowns just get even worse .
0	no coffee maker , no microwave for a $ $ $ price .
0	do not stay here .
0	manor lodge hotel in circus circus was horrible !
0	still no hot shower water !
0	but ... we could n't move anywhere else because everything was full .
0	shame on you circus circus !
0	maybe once in a decade or so often would n't hurt .
0	worst hotel stay in a very long time .
0	ended up waiting over _num_ 1/2 hours .
0	horrible customer service , less than sub-par hotel .
0	truly the most unpleasant vegas experience i 've ever had .
0	this is not circus circus .
0	i 'm glad all my stuff was still there .
0	the casino itself is small with only a few tables .
0	unbelievable .
0	my friends and i all tried contacting the hotel on repeated occasions .
0	loud and very hard to sleep .
0	i wo n't be staying here again .
0	too much to ask for some odds and ends to toss in there ?
0	now at home sick from room not staying same temp .
0	tl : dr ... do n't book `` the manor '' rooms .
0	they will ruin your vegas experience .
0	the manor lodge is a short sketchy walk from the main hotel .
0	service at the front desk is unacceptable .
0	the last time we were in las , we stayed at a competitors hotel .
0	_num_ pm .
0	the casino is ridiculous i could spend hundreds and not hit a thing .
0	we stayed in the west tower & the room had been remodeled .
0	hundreds of people everywhere and it was hard to find someone to help .
0	do n't stay here .
0	they did n't even smile !
0	worst experience ever !
0	very out dated furniture .
0	never again will i step foot in this less than desirable hotel .
0	the rooms are terrible .
0	you ca n't open a window because there are no screens on window .
0	the weather was perfect at least they could have their hot tub going !
0	i stayed there for about _num_ nights .
0	the staff offered nothing for this inconvenience .
0	you wo n't see me again .
0	i 'm very disappointed .
0	this place should not be in business .
0	not a place i 'll be returning .
0	there was someone else 's soap stuck to the wall .
0	so gross .
0	the only thing i ask for is a clean room with no bed bugs .
0	it sure was n't a pleasant stay .
0	stay away from room # _num_ .
0	low class operation and clientele .
0	guests have no priority in anything , especially parking .
0	they had country music concert and where charging $ _num_ for them too park .
0	i should ask for shawn , who was also very helpful .
0	for this i am giving _num_ stars to valet .
0	once again , thanks too valet .
0	this is the crap they emailed me .
0	once this report has been made , it will be sent to risk management .
0	but i guess not .
0	i should have checked the reviews before staying in circus circus .
0	feel bad for the old people .
0	the main lobby was too small and dark .
0	the rooms were nothing special , they were old and outdated .
0	i wish there was a security presence .
0	i 'm only giving circus circus _num_ stars for two reasons .
0	the wallpaper is falling off the walls .
0	their buffet has a very accurate average rating of _num_ stars on yelp .
0	the service has been horrible and rude .
0	it was insane how many there were .
0	after experiencing the mexican grill we left for our hotel bathrooms .
0	do not stay here .
0	spend the extra $ _num_ per night and stay at excalibur or luxor .
0	poor room condition , rude staff , and extremely poor facilities .
0	came inside our room and i smell that people stayed were smokers .
0	boy did i regret this , and i 'll never come back here again !
0	they charge a $ _num_ resort fee per day .
0	will never visit this place again .
0	i get that it 's cheap in all , but just no .
0	sorry not sorry .
0	zero customer service skills .
0	i wish i could leave no stars at all !
0	elevator is too tiny .
0	i would have been perfectly fine without even walking into this place .
0	we made police report at _num_ am .
0	reported to lobby desk restroom needed service .
0	during peak times over _num_ minute wait for elevators .
0	i will never be returning , one star was generous .
0	we booked at hotels.com where circus circus had _num_ stars and pretty good reviews .
0	everything you touch either feels sticky or stunk really bad .
0	all i can say is that this place is total run down ghetto dump .
0	this is a depressing environment as all you see is ghetto everywhere .
0	i know this because of the bubble bath i used the night before .
0	horrible room .
0	disgusting .
0	overall , i really do n't recommend this hotel .
0	all of which is indoors which is a major plus for summer time .
0	if the pools stayed open then i would say _num_ stars .
0	this is by far the worst hotel i 've ever come across .
0	the biggest biggest issue was the amount of staff vs the people checking in .
0	this is ridiculous , unprofessional and by far the worst hotel on the strip .
0	i 'm staying at the hilton suites next door .
0	if money is an issue , stay a little off the strip .
0	i get it is 4th of july and there 's a lot of people .
0	would she have thrown me out and my service dog ?
0	i have the worse experience staying at circus circus .
0	this will not be a place of choice for us .
0	then she proceeds to get upset with me because i 'm frustrated .
0	pay the extra cab fare and get away from this place !
0	chatting at the front desk for _num_ hours .
0	i refuse bad service from companies .
0	unfortunate a simple question asking about the pharmacy could turn into a war game .
0	do n't believe your nightmare ends when you walk out the door .
0	they do n't even sit her up in a chair .
0	bad customer service !
0	firstly , making an order is impossible with the guy that works here .
0	secondly the driver doesnt know how to get to my address .
0	i wish there was a way to give no stars .
0	i ordered via _num_ hr food website that i 've used before .
0	bad customer service !
0	they told me it would be another _num_ minutes .
0	nothing to jump out of your seats for .
0	no parties for your taste buds .
0	you wo n't remember any dish here as being _num_ stars .
0	the service here is terrible .
0	`` sir , we can have your shirt dry cleaned for you .
0	nothing to write home about for sure !
0	they took away our bottle of wine before we had even finished it !
0	considering everything , i would n't have paid more than $ _num_ .
0	worst restaurant i have ever eaten at in lv .
0	his reply was a dry `` we 'll do what we can '' .
0	it was a nice touch , but just too little too late .
0	i know no one from our party will ever be back .
0	expensive meal for no quality .
0	very disappointed , i will not ever be back .
0	nothing there aside from the taste of beans .
0	food just is n't very memorable .
0	for the price , and the other reviews , i was actually really disappointed .
0	none of the food was worth the price .
0	she gets through about _num_ people before leaving the table .
0	then the never ending wait begins for our main courses .
0	that 's not how high end restaurants are meant to be run .
0	salad was very simple and plain with no `` wow '' factor .
0	this was highly suggested as the server stated the pasta was house made .
0	the sauce was ground beef and tomatoes .
0	this restaurant reminds me of a stuffy , overpriced and overrated restaurants .
0	too close of quarters with the couples next to us .
0	looked unhappy to be there .
0	so disappointed .
0	this was a horrible idea .
0	he flat out would n't do it .
0	try all means to avoid this shop .
0	once you want to purchase a $ _num_ shirt they 're nice though .
0	he would not let me return an item for store credit ?
0	f you dude that 's so shady .
0	this is the most unprofessional establishment in las vegas .
0	both the sales reps and `` managers '' here are an absolute joke .
0	what a nightmare !
0	it 's a shame .
0	taking my money somewhere else !
0	this store does not deserve any stars !
0	this happened to other customers several times , and to me , twice .
0	employees like him do absolutely no good for the company and their image .
0	is n't this part of your job ?
0	the sales girls are mean and rude .
0	forget that it 's expensive , it will make you sick !
0	terrible !
0	my friend and i split a pizza meal here and it was horrible .
0	could n't even feed a toddler with that bowl of spaghetti .
0	working in retail does not make you a big shot , okay ?
0	very tacky !
0	i would know , because i work retail .
0	i am a _num_ year old business owner living in las vegas .
0	however , they were very admit about following me very closely .
0	this is one of the worst sales reps i have ever encountered .
0	their store reps and managers have absolutely no idea what they are doing .
0	horrible customer service .
0	_num_ hours later , have n't gotten an email confirmation .
0	horrible !
0	a .
0	stay away from this unless you know what you 're doing .
0	i think it 's a reliable mean of transportation here .
0	the cost is far too much .
0	then again , it is vegas !
0	about a mile through bally 's to find the entrance .
0	oh and the bus comes once every _num_ minutes .
0	this is seriously the worst bargain in las vegas .
0	it 's expensive and does not take you where you want to go !
0	you would think that it would drop you off at the convention center .
0	however , horrible service = _num_ star .
0	_num_ miles .
0	you might as well have walked to begin with .
0	um , $ _num_ a person for a one way ride ?
0	why _num_ tickets ?
0	fail .
0	there is no point .
0	and we have n't rode on it since .
0	if i have somewhere to go far away i drive my car .
0	the monorail in las vegas is a complete joke .
0	the security staff , when you actually see them , are a joke .
0	wrong !
0	soo not worth it .
0	i would not waste my $ _num_ on this again !
0	apparently , a one mile walk is `` near '' one of the stations .
0	it would be almost better to walk .
0	do n't waste your time or money on the monorail !
0	dumb design . )
0	a _num_ % premium for being an out of town sucker .
0	i 've used the monorail in other cities , e.g .
0	you pay $ _num_ and you ride _num_ miles to downtown seattle .
0	it was fast , convenient and cheap .
0	it probably would not be having the financial problems it has now .
0	not really useful to locals .
0	also terrible signage to get to the stations .
0	very rude , mean and obnoxious security guy .
0	seems to me that there may be an issue with the system .
0	first off , they only carry hello kitty character items .
0	horrible cashier .
0	even with the cab fare , your lunch would still cost less .
0	no drinks , no deserts , no apps , nothing .
0	just unacceptable .
0	i ate here on my birthday when we did a group trip to vegas .
0	we also had trouble getting refills on anything .
0	fried rice was insanely salty .
0	oh , i 'm sorry .
0	the sushi rice was overcooked and too warm .
0	will not go back .
0	we ended up just getting sushi and what a mistake .
0	nothing special .
0	i will never eat here again due to the horrific service .
0	both of our entrees were very bland and lacking much flavor .
0	i 'd be better off at panda express .
0	borderline not edible .
0	horrible sushi ... .
0	service was fine but will not be back !
0	there were _num_ of us .
0	one couple only had a salad , appetizer and tea for crying out loud !
0	unbelievable .
0	ya do n't pay that much money for mediocre food .
0	nothing and i say nothing about that food was memorable .
0	the only thing about this place that is memorable , the bill .
0	tell me we did n't pay that much for that meal .
0	service here was so bad i do n't even have words to describe it .
0	the low rating would have kept us away .
0	for the quality of the food the price was way too high .
0	the hostess was rude immediately upon coming into the restaurant .
0	the mongolian beef , however , was way too saucy .
0	i could barely taste the curry in my curry noodles .
0	chang 's down the street instead .
0	so-so service and so-so food .
0	small portions for the price .
0	too many other better options in vegas .
0	only to find out they do n't have the same food .
0	needless to say - we wo n't be going back to this restaurant again .
0	i do n't think rice is fresh made .
0	the curry noodles was all noodles , very few veggies or meat .
0	oh and there is definately no dim sum .
0	our drinks came out after our food , which is ridiculous .
0	my girlfriends dish arrived before mine .
0	no answer but `` i 'll check with the chef '' .
0	i ordered beef with broccoli , my husband the fried rice .
0	this time was different though and i have to say i wont go back .
0	when checking my bank statement today i noticed a charge for $ _num_ .
0	tips are never guaranteed !
0	it was like chewing a rubber bands .
0	very little duck meat .
0	did n't want to taste it again after all .
0	worst dining experience on vegas strip ever !
0	never order seafood in the desert because it 's imported .
0	husband had vegetable fried rice and it was ok .
0	ugh .
0	absolutely nothing mentioning portion size .
0	barely ate any of the entree because it 's super not great .
0	i ordered a pho noodle and i made my bad decision .
0	will not recommend dining here at all .
0	this place do n't even worth one star .
0	when he bring out the food just throw it on our table , really ?
0	and they dare to charge _num_ % tips on our bill without notice you .
0	i was just served a rotten piece of tuna sushi at this restaurant .
0	it was gross .
0	he apologized and said another server had gone home .
0	the sushi rolls were sloppy and the pieces were huge .
0	the philly roll tasted strange and i was informed it was smoked salmon .
0	the snapper was inedible and very tough .
0	i literally could n't bite through it .
0	sadly , not quite .
0	when it comes to eating chinese stick to p.f .
0	should have read the reviews beforehand , but did n't .
0	prices are typical vegas for nothing special .
0	first of all , it should never take _num_ minutes to get breakfast .
0	wan na know why ?
0	all in all a horrible experience .
0	$ _num_ more for a crappy apt in a bad neighborhood ?
0	( _num_ ) there are laundry facilities that are always full and overpriced .
0	neighbors are nightmares .
0	building codes are way off but no one seems to care .
0	management does nothing about complaints .
0	there is so much noise at all hours .
0	it 's ridiculous .
0	spend a little more money and stay somewhere else .
0	they refused .
0	an bed bugs too .
0	all around horrible place to think of living .
0	terrible place to live !
0	the referring people for a discount on rent is also a lie .
0	probably because they have no intention of paying anyone .
0	i am now literally scared for my life right now .
0	so , it 's more like _num_ stars .
0	without a doubt the worst customer service experience i 've ever encountered .
0	this is not my complaint .
0	... and instead , they did none of these .
0	horrible customer service .
0	ugh .
0	never again .
0	the people in here are just stupid !
0	am i suppose to just air dry myself and go downstairs ?
0	but the respect level is not .
0	they may have _num_ local stations on the tv .
0	there is no overall security on the facility .
0	a little shady would n't you say ?
0	the `` casino '' is a complete dump .
0	the room does n't smell too bad .
0	so , why did i stay here ?
0	its a stink hole .
0	the service is not friendly at all .
0	first of all its not a `` hotel '' , its a motel .
0	the woman who answered the phone at the front desk was less than helpful .
0	i ca n't believe they refused to refund us anything for such an inconvenience .
0	and the walls of this hotel are so thin .
0	it 's not a hotel as they claim it to be .
0	its a nightmare !
0	but they only mean if you 're in the lobby .
0	do we have the option for negative stars ?
0	because if we did , this place would get negative _num_ !
0	it was not convenient for anyone .
0	please just walk down the road to mcdonald 's instead .
0	old falling apart building .
0	it looks old i swear it does not look like the picture !
0	false advertisement your better of staying in your car .
0	even the stupid manager had an attitude !
0	first of all front office staff is rude and very disrespectful .
0	they all kind of just stand around and play on their phones .
0	very sloppy .
0	kind of creepy and very disrespectful .
0	sorry guys but this to me is a no go !
0	not even worth the $ _num_ .
0	this place is terrible .
0	fridge in room broken and stinks .
0	would not recommend and would not stay here again !
0	the clientele and people hanging around the hotel were seedy and suspicious .
0	the manager maggie was even worse .
0	no ventilation .
0	had to wait about _num_ hours before my room was ready .
0	she went out of her way to make sure my stay was comfortable .
0	i 've never seen anything like it .
0	for starters , do not pay full price for this place !
0	if you are looking to get any sleep here , forget it .
0	i got very little , if any , sleep in this hotel .
0	not this hotel .
0	we get our bags head to the elevator and bam , elevator is broke .
0	i 'm glad i did n't at this place .
0	no microwave or coffee maker , which seems standard to me .
0	if you want to check in early , it is a $ _num_ fee .
0	i waited _num_ hours to finally have housekeeping change the sheets .
0	no vacuuming or taking away the small trash .
0	the laundry room is not clearly marked .
0	at that point , i turned to leave and opened the room door .
0	that being said i can only review what i did experience .
0	once we arrived i instantly got a motel _num_ feeling .
0	on our two queen size beds they put the smallest almost square pillows .
0	when we asked for more pillows we got attitude and a big fat no .
0	the breakfast offered in the morning was a hot mess .
0	i gave this hotel one star because there is not no star .
0	other than that everything went smoothly .
0	it 's just all bad .
0	this place is disgusting !
0	no comment made on the rude snotty young man .
0	do n't believe the web site .
0	warned by security where two women should park .
0	looking more than a little run down .
0	snotty clerk and no dam coffee .
0	she says she is completely out and i ca n't change my room .
0	i wish i could have given this hotel a better rating .
0	this hotel is the worst i have ever been to .
0	this ca n't be a _num_ star , not even 1/2 star .
0	worst ... hotel ... ever .
0	but this was a nightmare .
0	that is a basic thing to have , not a luxury .
0	first of all this hotel does n't even deserve _num_ star !
0	this is the most disgusting hotel ever and do n't ever go there !
0	internet does not work , food needs help .
0	the only good thing is the cheap drinks !
0	unacceptable .
0	no coffee machine !
0	she did not want to help at all .
0	oh god how i wish i had checked yelp reviews prior to booking .
0	_num_ ) doors open into the parking lot .
0	_num_ ) oh yeah cockroaches !
0	i did see roaches outside and was pretty disgusted .
0	but for the price , i went for it .
0	more like zero stars .
0	sinks do n't drain .
0	i for sure got numerous bed bug bites that night .
0	i woke up to ants on my bed and on the counter .
0	will i ever stay stay here again never !
0	so none of my guests could n't take them home .
0	otherwise , they will act like they forgot and rip you off .
0	well she showed up at 9:30 am .
0	then she literally started laughing at me .
0	two weeks later still nothing .
0	when planning a wedding you do n't have time to waste .
0	so glad to finally be able to leave a yelp review .
0	what a waste of time and money .
0	incredibly unprofessional and i 'm extremely disappointed .
0	first of all it 's impossible to make a reservation .
0	if i could give them no stars i would .
0	walked out right then and there .
0	the food always has a problem .
0	this pizza takes like crap !
0	i also ordered a pepperoni but i am afraid to try it .
0	this place needs a corporate visit because it gives dominos a bad name .
0	they were rude .
0	the driver took _num_ minutes to deliver and we live _num_ minutes away .
0	the pizza could have been cooked better the cheese was melted like usual .
0	extremely disappointed with the food .
0	wo n't be ordering from here again .
0	all that , a beer , and a margarita for $ _num_ .
0	none of these , to me , were particularly good .
0	you could probably buy them in bulk at costco .
0	it 's a chain restaurant , meaning not truly ethnic .
0	we were seated immediately and then ignored for like _num_ min .
0	there is just nothing special about it that draws me back .
0	chorizo sliders were soggy , had to send them back .
0	but for us , that was where it ended .
0	he did give us _num_ comp drink tickets to use anytime .
0	our food came out quickly , but sans appetizer .
0	she said it like it was my fault that it happened .
0	steer clear of this place - the service is sub-par .
0	service was friendly , but horrible .
0	i definately would have preferred to sit closer to the center of the restaurant .
0	unfortunately we were n't that saucy .
0	_num_ $ lobster & shrimp linguine has no flavor .
0	onion rings are alright , just big and the onion had chewy skin .
0	the food is bland and really has no taste .
0	this place is kinda depressing .
0	so they take us to the table ; there are only _num_ seats .
0	i have no idea why they brought you out here .
0	we tell him no problem and sit us wherever there is room .
0	so i thought chicken and fresh vegetables could n't be that bad .
0	i do n't know how to put it .
0	our server is a nice guy , but noticeably disinterested .
0	ahi tuna should not have a heavy fish flavor .
0	i did n't eat very much of it .
0	very disappointing !
0	first let me say , that service here is hit or miss .
0	other times , horrible .
0	there is no in between .
0	but do n't waste your time .
0	they tried to fix but to no avail .
0	for crap service .
0	the fries were just blah .
0	cheap tasting stuff .
0	i ordered the fruit and chicken caribbean salad and it was ok .
0	_num_ stars for now .
0	gross .
0	well the disappointing outcome is they did nothing .
0	very disappointing .
0	so overall i would go back here but i do n't expect great good .
0	it 's is reasonably price but nothing special .
0	eh the place is alright nothing to exciting .
0	the only good thing was our server randy was amazing very knowledgeable .
0	wish it could have been better .
0	food was pretty good , ca n't complain there .
0	also , that party room on the west side is always hot .
0	wo n't be back .
0	the meal did not come with soup nor salad not even bread .
0	when our meal came the green beans were not cooked hardly at all .
0	the fish was good but not great and they forgot my side lobster tail .
0	the bread tasted like it was old or like the sandwich was microwaved .
0	which i would like , but it was way too sweet .
0	sorry bahama breeze , step it up !
0	food is great but customer service is terrible here .
0	i find the food to be simply overrated .
0	never going to any of this chain restaurants again .
0	first time here around _num_ pm on a saturday .
0	maybe management should learn how to staff .
0	wo n't be back .
0	nasty nasty nasty .
0	why in the world ca n't you pay at the pump ?
0	you can not use a credit card at this place !
0	maybe its because i 'm african american .
0	found a shop on las vegas blvd that fixed my toe for $ _num_ .
0	this is the worst customer service ever .
0	wo n't be going back here .
0	yelpers led me wrong on this one !
0	the drinks are cheap and for those two it would have gotten four stars .
0	having a cajun ribeye for the same price .
0	the wait staff was nice , but a bit too much .
0	go anywhere else !
0	dude , these people are rude .
0	there 's a weight limit on who can enjoy the flights .
0	the facility is old and rundown .
0	if you have somewhere special to go to and you want your make-up done .
0	yup , officially worst macy 's i 've ever experienced .
0	but when i moved here to las vegas , i was so disappointed !
0	i will no longer step foot into this particular macy 's .
0	i realize this was partially my fault for not watching it more carefully .
0	we left empty handed , and wo n't shop at that store again .
0	please do better next time .
0	we left because it was not worth it to complain .
0	only had few customers on the floor and no staff except at the register !
0	ca n't believe it happened in vegas 's department store .
0	the worst customer service i 've ever had .
0	the shoe section is total crap !
0	not cool .
0	she said `` no , only a manager can approve that . ''
0	it took me about _num_ mins to go through a few racks .
0	she really did n't want to deal with a customer she had bad attitude .
0	if you hate your job that bad quit .
0	i am a business owner and i would never treat my customers this way .
0	its not that hard ladies .
0	avoid this place .
0	i never had a great meal , but i never had a bad one .
0	i was very unhappy .
0	avoid giving birth here if you can help it .
0	do n't believe their `` pay in full discount '' scam .
0	they do n't want your business and they 'll never get mine again .
0	not a nice location to be .
0	this is the absolute worst place to get your smog done .
0	the attendant said he has to charge pass or fail .
0	could n't be bothered to do his job .
0	_num_ for the chocolate chip cookies being delicious !
0	the girl taking our order asked probably _num_ times what our order was .
0	these people working in here could literally not care less .
0	lame , lame , lame !
0	why do you call it a cafe when there is no place to sit ?
0	cheap ingredients ?
0	bad recipe ?
0	disappointed !
0	hmm $ _num_ for _num_ mini cookies .
0	my first cookie was so crunchy it tastes like cardboard with chocolate chips .
0	i 'm never going to give them my business again .
0	the orange chicken was soggy .
0	the pizza was not bad but not good .
0	although i did not get sick , the food is marginal at best .
0	cheap cheap cheap !
0	this is the worst excuse for a chinese buffet i have ever seen .
0	ca n't believe they are as busy as they where .
0	dirty , grimy , and flavorless !
0	this place sucks ass .
0	also , their teriyaki chicken fucking sucks .
0	it has no sauce , and is bland .
0	do n't go here _num_ minutes before they put dinner on the servings .
0	why oh why did n't i check the reviews ?
0	mandatory to tip _num_ % the food was n't very good .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
0	i do not even know how to explain this place .
0	probably the most cheapest and generic things i ever seen .
0	no thanks ; - ; that 's why i always get chopsticks .
0	worst buffet ever !
0	limited selection in food .
0	never eat here .
0	i have ( had ) three tommy bahama watches .
0	i could n't bring myself to by another , even at half price .
0	i found a majority of the support staff to be surly and downright rude .
0	the staff at this hospital were very rude .
0	ridiculous !
0	worst hospital ever .
0	stupid !
0	`` oh you mean cause the alarm is going off ?
0	the worst hospital ever .
0	the er is a mess .
0	and it gets worse from there .
0	they have no consideration and no compassion .
0	they ignored me as i politely asked to see my sister .
0	went back into the waiting room , where i say for about two hours .
0	it 's almost 11am , and i 'm still waiting on test results .
0	they did n't have any beds available so the room was torture .
0	five hours of torture for them not to be able to diagnose kidney stones ?
0	i felt weak and exhausted .
0	after taking the bottle out of his mouth his crying was worse !
0	by far the worst hospital i have ever encountered .
0	the nurses kept losing my friend !
0	she was only there about _num_ hours .
0	they have done some work ... but no one is here to discuss results .
0	no one even bothered to measure her blood pressure for the next six hours .
0	if i could give no stars i would .
0	one star is too high for this death trap .
0	if i can give this place a _num_ star i would gladly do so .
0	it 's the worst hospital i have ever been to .
0	what should have been a quick er trip turned into a nightmare !
0	this hospital is horrible .
0	he could barely walk .
0	this is the worse place ever and it 's very dirty .
0	staff are lazy and enjoy talking to coworkers more then patients .
0	the guy i scheduled my appointment with never answered the phone !
0	the first and last time i ever step foot in this hell hole !
0	omg omg is all i can say .
0	hmmm u may say , that 's not much for an emergency room .
0	taught me how to use it wrong which caused more damage .
0	i am _num_ years old .
0	steve , however was the worst .
0	really bad and slow service .
0	no update from anybody .
0	they lost a few patients as well .
0	very disappointed with this hospital .
0	wtf , yo ?
0	this is the worst hospital i 've been to .
0	wtf are n't you the doctor ?
0	they have zero sense of urgency .
0	instead , they sit around their station , talking about their personal lives .
0	never go here if you do n't have to .
0	i would rather drive the _num_ mins to a different hospital .
0	other patients having pain needing help they yelled at and told them to wait .
0	talk about terrible customer service !
0	i will update more as time goes on and i 'm here .
0	ok , rant over .
0	worst hospital ever .
0	the nurse 's are horrible !
0	not acceptable !
0	i usually love dive bars , but this place was just dismal .
0	i was already going to purchase the item for $ _num_ .
0	the manager came and said she could n't honor the price .
0	consumer report here i come .
0	i hate this one .
0	so next time i want something louis , i 'll just order online .
0	my wife was so appalled that she turned around and walked out .
0	i do not understand why sales people are so rude .
0	why spend so much money in a place where they treat you like crap ?
0	the lady told me that it was possible and told me the fee .
0	if i could give a zero star , i would .
0	worst service i had .
0	so i walk next door to gucci and what a difference in service .
0	the pieces of pork are not marinated and are tough .
0	this place really is n't all hyped up to be .
0	i guess they are under new management and now they suck .
0	they also renovated the valet area so they had somewhere to place valet carts .
0	i mentioned the sewage odor and pipe issues .
0	your nv energy bill will be atrocious .
0	avoid this place if you can .
0	common areas , such as hallway carpeting are disgusting and smelly .
0	you will get ripped off !
0	if i did n't sign it i would get billed for the next month .
0	when we explained our story the lady was really rude and inconsiderate !
0	the tenants say that they can not speak english then the person leaves .
0	for italian food , there are much better choices in las vegas .
0	ok , i 'm done .
0	the food is not good .
0	i would say the food tasted like ass , but that would be mean .
0	big mistake .
0	i 'm pretty sure the sauce was ragu .
0	the little man playing the accordion knew the ohio state fight song .
0	hot dang , the food was gross .
0	horrible , horrible , horrible .
0	$ _num_ for spaghetti and meatballs in this little dump ?
0	i ordered linguini chopped clams in a white sauce for $ _num_ .
0	nothing great or out of this world .
0	now one of the problems with this place is -- entrees are expensive .
0	seriously , he is old and bent over .
0	the wine is bad .
0	the salad is wilted lettuce drenched in italian dressing .
0	only good thing going was the decor and the ambiance .
0	it 's more like hot chocolate .
0	nothing special about the salad or the wines .
0	this place is terrible .
0	eating here was an absolute waste of time and money .
0	such a shame ... is it that hard to make decent food ?
0	it was like stepping back in time ... and not a good time .
0	the food was ok , the wine was nasty .
0	not much seafood and like _num_ strings of pasta at the bottom .
0	overall , a mediocre mix of food and generic experience .
0	( i am a _num_ year resident of las vegas . )
0	it 's not right .
0	i ca n't believe the waiters do n't feel bad serving you this food .
0	also , that little accordion man ... he 's sooo creepy .
0	not mention it was over thirty dollars .
0	it 's a bottomless house wine place .
0	he warned us it is n't all that .
0	it looked like it needed a good cleaning threw out the dinning area .
0	what a mistake .
0	paid $ _num_ for cheese tortellini with `` meat sauce '' .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	stay away for sure .
0	my ravioli was hot but had no flavor .
0	it 's like stepping into old vegas .
0	i had a bite and the sauce tasted like it had tons of celery .
0	whatever was placed in front of me was definitely not manicotti .
0	manicotti is a long tube pasta .
0	overall , average food if the prices were low .
0	sorry , i do n't share the feeling .
0	i even told dh to quickly tip him so he could leave us alone .
0	not sure i would return , or even suggest to it a friend though .
0	_num_ is white the other a red blend .
0	parking sucked !
0	obviously , they are only catering to tourists and their past history .
0	the red marinara on the manicotti tasted like canned pizza sauce .
0	really awful .
0	this is by far the worst place i 've ever eaten in my life .
0	but for me that is where it ended .
0	the decor is kitschy - crap all over the place .
0	just please , do n't go here .
0	this place is a piece of las vegas history .
0	do n't expect great food though .
0	this is adequate but not at all great .
0	* '' cappuccino '' chocolate , hazelnut flavored coffee with whipped cream is yummy .
0	fairly priced , but i definitely wo n't be back .
0	the red wine was actually ok , it 's more sweet than dry .
0	everything tastes canned and low quality .
0	the fish was overcooked and did not taste fresh .
0	the place is a total tourist trap and expensive .
0	but mostly , you go because it comes with unlimited table wine .
0	the wine was all you can drink for a reason .
0	the pasta felt undercooked and the sauce was bland .
0	it was just poorly prepared foo .
0	the only reason i am giving them one star is because yelp made me .
0	ate there a couple of hours ago with _num_ friends .
0	i 've never had worse food , of any kind , anywhere .
0	food was terrible .
0	tomato sauce just ok , not really memorable .
0	i 'm glad we experienced battista 's but we will not return .
0	literally , they tasted like tv dinners .
0	we had chicken alfredo , chicken parmesan , and beef ravioli .
0	everyone hated they 're dishes .
0	the wine is watered down cheap red , which i expected .
0	the sauce was bland -- needed garlic and more seasonings .
0	food is overpriced for what you 're getting , which is poor quality food .
0	they tell ya _num_ mins and it turns into _num_ hours .
0	the prices are literally insane .
0	not a drinker , but apparently its passable but no memorable .
0	service : not friendly , just efficient .
0	chicken alfredo ( entree ) : _num_ stars .
0	that bad .
0	cappuccino : ( included ) was really just hot chocolate with whipped cream .
0	i ca n't rate it with justice because i do n't like tiramisu .
0	i ca n't eat _num_ pounds of food .
0	the `` cappuccino '' at the end of the meal was n't cappuccino .
0	all in all , i would skip this place .
0	there are so many better options .
0	just barely ok.
0	below average free wine .
0	it 's ok but but not wonderfully by any stretch .
0	expected so much better .
0	i do n't get it .
0	ok , this was my second time here .
0	my party of _num_ also agreed with me about their entrees ravioli , meatballs .
0	it was like i was dining in a cafeteria .
0	never ever recommend !
0	was n't gross but it was n't super offensive .
0	eggplant parmigiana : i just have had better .
0	then you already know what this tastes like .
0	would you like to hear some customer favorites ?
0	overall , the word to describe this place is : meh .
0	this place is horrendous .
0	_num_ dinners cost $ _num_ with no extras .
0	the salad was what i call a lazy salad .
0	the kids got a small bowl of ravioli for _num_ which was boring .
0	the adult menu starts at _num_ with a high price over $ _num_ .
0	all in all a disappointing meal .
0	i used to recommend this place to out of town guests but no longer .
0	maybe it was a bad day ( i doubt it ) .
0	hole in the wall is right .
0	now it is overpriced pasta .
0	i could not get a pizza or any of the old good stuff .
0	this is the most horrible restaurant i have ever ate at .
0	ick .
0	let me break it down list style .
0	price point for this disaster $ _num_ .
0	do n't eat here .
0	powdered cappuccino with whipped cream ?
0	average wine of course , nothing special .
0	i would most likely check out other italian restaurants before returning here .
0	the only thing `` institution '' about this place is the food .
0	i try both red and white , they are identical .
0	we will never get those _num_ minutes of our lives back .
0	being asked to leave because they are closing a section completely ruined our experience .
0	this was the worst restaurant experience of my entire life .
0	the garlic bread was not amazing , it was decent .
0	our waiter did not care about us .
0	i was n't feeling so good after drinking all that cheap wine ... ... .
0	i chose the cannelloni with meat and definitely would have preferred something else .
0	the food has zero flavor and is likely pulled from the freezer .
0	total tourist trap .
0	the waiter never checked back on us after the food was delivered .
0	$ _num_ with no beverages and no desserts .
0	we wo n't return and neither should you .
0	the wine is bottom of the line .
0	there 's definitely a scene for that but it 's not for me .
0	no one , especially tourists , should ever eat here .
0	the cappuccino was not an espresso drink but hot chocolate with whip cream .
0	the waiter was too busy to give us quality time and care .
0	the all you can drink wine is terrible .
0	i am literally sitting in here waiting for our order to b taken .
0	fool me once , battista 's , shame on you .
0	fool me twice ... .
0	where they really failed was the entre .
0	it seriously has no taste , just a fatty consistency .
0	and it would be _num_ times better .
0	i wish i could give negative stars .
0	bad service .
0	bad food .
0	we paid $ _num_ ( after tax ) for food we did n't eat .
0	she just said `` okay i 'll tell them '' and walked away .
0	i will not return to this place nor do i recommend this place .
0	they 're simply trying to move as many people through as possible .
0	the better dishes are $ _num_ and up .
0	it 's designed to push as many patrons through as they can .
0	my spaghetti was horrible and bland , as was my husband 's dish .
0	i will say the salad , minestrone soup and table wine were fine .
0	but for the price we paid , i would not recommend this place .
0	i could tell not freshly cooked !
0	my companion had spaghetti and meatballs and said it was lacking flavor as well .
0	the big draw here is the cheap unlimited free wine !
0	it was inedible .
0	the server did n't mention it until we specifically asked .
0	why call it vegetable soup if it is n't vegetarian ?
0	- the clam pasta had _num_ clams each the size of a dime .
0	and we could n't enjoy whatever little taste the food had .
0	disappointed !
0	this was a total `` miss '' in my book .
0	apparently it 's gotten much worse .
0	food is bland and severely lacks in taste and seasoning .
0	what a mistake .
0	hubby and i had such a poor experience here .
0	really dumb .
0	there were _num_ of us , and we were never offered any more .
0	from seating to signing the bill was exactly _num_ hour .
0	the included cappuccino was not even coffee .
0	but i wo n't be coming back here .
0	i 'm italian and from new york and this is not italian food .
0	horrible tasting sauce .
0	the most bland tasting italian food that i have ever had !
0	i do n't need to have this kind of food outside of new jersey .
0	i said out loud , '' i 'd like to buy something ! ''
0	so inappropriate !
0	i sent an email to corporate and have heard nothing .
0	tell her to smile or at least not be so rude and snobby .
0	i turned around to see where she went and it was nothing important .
0	after she ignored me finally another employee asked if i needed help .
0	second worst vs i 've been to .
0	i should have checked yelp on my phone before coming here .
0	hopefully they can investigate these concerns .
0	everything that could be wrong with it was .
0	now the bulk ... .
0	the chicken was chewy and crunchy ?
0	nah , the place is a complete ripoff .
0	my kids chicken was mostly bread coating with sauce .
0	i would recommend going to get some gelato at bellagio .
0	it 's better tasting , better quality and a better price .
0	great ice cream however service was poor .
0	i wanted to use that to buy water but she would n't let me .
0	we wo n't be going back .
0	for $ _num_ it was not worth it .
0	come to find , she has no idea what the item looks like .
0	the waitress was not helpful and slow .
0	the food is not for me .
0	no compensation , no consideration .
0	complain all you want , nothing ever gets done .
0	worst nail salon if that 's what you even want to call this dump .
0	the full set was sloppy and looks horrible .
0	please do not waste your time or money here .
0	my mom and i went to get our mani and pedi done .
0	that was the worst experience i 've ever had in my entire life .
0	do n't waste your taste buds here .
0	it is not great yet it is not awful it is merely decent .
0	i had a beef burrito and it was to say the least mediocre .
0	i left the restaurant unsatisfied and feeling a bit sick .
0	i 've been to this location _num_ times prior , and had mixed feelings .
0	f this place .
0	the salad - even the dressing is better at your local sushi joint .
0	the whole thing was gross .
0	ignoring it was not appropriate though .
0	depending on what you get , its a free meal , so why not ?
0	i have never been to any benihana before .
0	one star is too much .
0	i could have done better in my own kitchen .
0	terribly disappointed .
0	i was full i just remember leaving disappointed .
0	benihana at las vegas hotel & casino is the worst place ever !
0	decor was nice , food was not .
0	not traditional japanese food , and very underwhelming .
0	gross .
0	so i could n't really eat anything at this place .
0	i was not happy with any part of our dinner experience .
0	the dressing on the salad was watery , with very little flavor .
0	our chef on the hibachi table had very little personality or skill .
0	their so called garlic has no bit of garlic flavor what so ever .
0	we were a party of _num_ celebrating a wedding and birthday .
0	the food itself is very poor here .
0	group of _num_ for lunch .
0	hurry up eat and leave .
0	the sushi bar is terrible .
0	the fish is far from quality and the rice could n't be less inspiring .
0	the las vegas hotel and all it 's amenities are a ghost town .
0	if this review were only about him , he would get _num_ stars .
0	worst service in las vegas !
0	rude hosts .
0	went here on the 4th and it was n't too pleasant .
0	the waitress flat out ignored most of the people at the table .
0	i spend $ _num_ on a mediocre meal with awful service .
0	she also gave herself a tip by keeping the change from the bill .
0	after _num_ mins of waiting we received our soup and salad before our drinks .
0	food was good but the fry rice was a little under cooked .
0	highly disappointed .
0	it was ok , but nothing special .
0	i personally feel that their management is terrible and impersonal .
0	a once great place to go and eat is now ruined by poor management .
0	so very unfortunate .
0	$ _num_ for tofu !
0	if you want to sit on the toilet for a few days come here .
0	wrong !
0	for the issue they covered our drinks .
0	imo they should have covered the meal .
0	for a reservations only place i 'd expect better .
0	chef david was tired .
0	horrible , disrespectful customer service from front desk staff !
0	the las vegas restaurant has lost it charm .
0	it would have been helpful to know before hand .
0	i cancelled and ordered salmon roll instead because i felt taken advantage of .
0	little bit of salmon , $ _num_ for this .
0	not worth the money .
0	overall this restaurant is overrated and overpriced .
0	none of us ever touched the phone inside the room !
0	i barely finished anything and i 'm the buffet king .
0	the food at the buffet is just as bad .
0	we walked in smiling and said hello .
0	i have very bad experience on today !
0	i am still waiting on them to refund me my money .
0	i suggest you avoid this shop and its a shame .
0	i emailed to inquire and after _num_ days without reply i email back .
0	cockroaches everywhere , things were constantly breaking because maintenance sucks .
0	bus somehow my power bill always was super high .
0	yes , u cant use it until they turn it on .
0	the management is awful .
0	the girls up front incompetent .
0	i called security ( of course ) , no answer .
0	ca n't wait to move .
0	i hate to say it , but this mall is kind of ghetto .
0	fashion show has all the stores boulevard has and more .
0	but there are still a bunch of shoe stores .
0	no way .
0	same brand and all too .
0	that 's sad .
0	the area is not considered too be that great .
0	las vegas visitors , do n't come here !
0	i try on shoes , i circle the store about _num_ times .
0	the only good place here is old navy .
0	secondly , there are absolutely no good food options .
0	i only go to that mall when i absolutely have to .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	the food court is ridiculous .
0	why is boulevard mall called a mall ?
0	another lady was offered teriyaki chicken sample from a chicken place .
0	i do n't like it .
0	if you do n't like this place , why do you go ?
0	the rest of the food court is n't worth mentioning either .
0	i felt so offended cause i was n't doing anything wrong .
0	horrible !
0	i could n't eat it .
0	finally she asks the cooks and they have no idea what 's going on .
0	but to my surprise they do n't want to remedy the situation .
0	terrible service .
0	came here to get some grub before going out .
0	i was disappointed .
0	seriously , they could have at least added enough to fill up the plate .
0	the sea bass itself was disappointing too .
0	the service was painfully slow and the food was simply average .
0	the service basically sucked .
0	the service was deplorable .
0	we had requested an open table next to the street for a better experience .
0	but the way he talked to us was out of the question .
0	portions are good but then again , i would rather have quality than quantity .
0	my suggestion , spend a little more and get quality food .
0	i say skip it and put your money elsewhere .
0	i mean , really ?
0	the fish was overcooked and mushy .
0	or maybe i was n't trying the right thing .
0	really would n't recommend this place .
0	no one was particularly friendly .
0	nothing really stood out about this italian restaurant .
0	like the way rotten fish smells that 's how it tasted .
0	_num_ entrees plus a bottle of wine .
0	food is ok , i 've had better .
0	do n't care too much for it .
0	we also returned the ceasar salad due to a fishy taste .
0	they do n't use enough salt or spice .
0	the salads were n't fresh , neither were the tomatoes .
0	service : inattentive , mostly useless .
0	i wo n't bother going back .
0	the food was bland and boring , as were the drinks .
0	service was slow and spotty .
0	after the whole experience , i would probably not come back .
0	this place was probably the worst disappointment of our vegas trip .
0	we had an extremely mediocre lunch here .
0	another co-worker had a very dull looking margherita pizza .
0	not the top on my list for authentic italian food .
0	- horrible reservation service .
0	the restaurant was _num_ % full and it was early in the evening .
0	the salmon was over cooked and dry .
0	if they say _num_ more minutes we are gon na die .
0	absolutely ridiculous .
0	you could tell it had been sitting under a heat lamp forever .
0	my husband returned his meal and exchanged it for a pizza .
0	sadly , this was not the end of it .
0	the apple crepe dessert was soggy and thick .
0	they changed all the plates , but things did not get better from here .
0	avoid like the plague .
0	if you 're forced to eat here , definitely sit outside on the patio .
0	wo n't go back and ca n't recommend it .
0	terrible service .
0	but i should n't feel so special .
0	you 're a douche for all those comments and a horrible server .
0	just plan bad .
0	it was just not as good as i remembered it .
0	the rice was also hard to eat .
0	waiters and atmosphere were great but it goes downhill from there .
0	so we wo n't be going back .
0	the service ; however , is horrible !
0	you tell me if that 's rude and unprofessional !
0	are you kidding me ?
0	as for the salmon , it was meh .
0	i have no complaints about it but also not rushing to order it again .
0	not the first time and only because it 's a party .
0	how does an italian place mess up pasta ?
0	unless you have _num_ hours to kill and no taste buds .
0	we waited _num_ minutes , watching her argue with a co-worker .
0	nice location in the venetian , but i would n't eat there again .
0	too much great food in vegas .
0	dont come if you dont want to waste your time here .
0	service was horrible !
0	bad service !
0	this placed rocked years ago , yet has gone downhill pretty hard !
0	really sad !
0	none of the five in our party felt that they had anything special .
0	olive oil a little bitter .
0	the value is not here !
0	of course at these prices middle of the road is unacceptable .
0	worse chicken plate for _num_ $ that i ever had .
0	sorry but i rather eat at olive garden .
0	waiter was not as attentive either .
0	terrible service , mediocre food .
0	will not recommend this place and will not return .
0	the entrees , unfortunately , were disappointing for the most part .
0	based on everyone 's comments , all but the salmon were disappointing .
0	rude tourist `` cattle car '' service from hostess through staff and management .
0	i had the risotto with shrimp , crab and artichokes .
0	total disaster .
0	would not recommend .
0	so we ordered pasta and a bottle of wine .
0	margherita & veggie pizza are terrible .
0	i do n't recommend & wo n't go back .
0	place is not busy .
0	we left unhappy , staff could care less .
0	disappointing .
0	our water was n't refilled once .
0	walk down the street to ellis island for a better experience .
0	dark , dingy , and kinda gross .
0	sad day that my vegas hangout has jumped the shark .
0	sorry but i must post something on this shop in the venetian .
0	this place is very over priced for no reason !
0	i paid $ _num_ and it definitely was not worth it .
0	this is by far the worst salon ever !
0	and what 's worse , my hair looks nothing like the picture .
0	it looks worse !
0	the girl who did my hair had a terrible attitude from beginning til end .
0	when i woke up , i thought i was having a nightmare .
0	i do n't care if i look great .
0	it 's not worth it .
0	i asked for a long layered v and my layers are completely uneven .
0	he did n't even bother framing my hair around my face .
0	what a disappointment !
0	the room was ok but definitely nothing special .
0	decor ... again ok nothing special .
0	i 've stayed in better .
0	it looks like around _num_ square feet .
0	there is no room service here .
0	there is no restaurant .
0	no , `` i 'm sorry , how can i help you ? ''
0	as mentioned , there is a deli on site .
0	no , i wo n't be staying here again .
0	this is the worst place i 've ever stayed in vegas !
0	they are so money hungry it 's just unbelievable .
0	this is a `` hilton '' and they should have been more accommodating .
0	the lumpy beds need to be tossed out of the window .
0	not clear on the concept .
0	no resturant ( small deli snack bar ) , no bar .
0	first bad customer service and now not following through on ones word .
0	then another $ _num_ for a name change .
0	this is the biggest ripoff i have ever encountered .
0	i already gave you guys $ _num_ for a crappy room .
0	so , that 's about $ _num_ just for the deposit for the room .
0	big mistake .
0	i was more than willing to not take it with me .
0	overall , i would not recommend it .
0	not as high as other sushi places .
0	no customer should leave feeling he was forced to give an insulting amount .
0	terrible .
0	does n't even have old vegas charm .
0	we ate teppanyaki .
0	its old ugly dirty restaurant .
0	this place sucks .
0	_num_ bucks for dragon roll ... come on .
0	should have went to mandalay bay or luxor for some fine seafood .
0	unfortunately .
0	disgusting .
0	big , slow , decent food , expensive .
0	it 's not worth it .
0	should n't it ?
0	this should have been our first clue not to enter the restaurant .
0	ugh , yet another bad auto services experience .
0	okay that explains the _num_ week turnaround time .
0	they should n't even be allowed to call themselves a body shop .
0	i was like i have pictures from the crash with no crack .
0	i would recommend them to no one .
0	i was very unhappy with their service .
0	contacted security , who in turn , contacted the maintenance dept .
0	very fucking rude workers and customer service !
0	people complaining of roaches is nasty as hell too !
0	i was blown away by her rudeness .
0	needless to say we left without buying anything .
0	not even for an exchange or store credit .
0	they gave me store credit with no questions or problems .
0	i wo n't be stepping foot into this particular location again .
0	then they decide to stop and have a deep conversation outside the car .
0	the employees are unhelpful and not trained for their department .
0	they sell out dated cloths that no one wants at a discounted price .
0	unless you have lots of time to spare .
0	too bad !
0	they are not rude , they just do n't care .
0	my size is _num_ .
0	last time i was there , the music was extremely loud .
0	in about _num_ min i asked again .
0	she said she did n't control the sound .
0	that 's kind of ridiculous .
0	however i return the second shoe for it small because i did n't try .
0	cause i never wear that shoes !
0	the viewing the next day was terribly uncomfortable .
0	a week went by and nothing in my email .
0	so i wait and wait .
0	not even close .
0	bad bad business practices .
0	not even vegas .
0	not even at the wynn .
0	... if you like the wynn , you 'd love the signature @ mgm .
0	boring .
0	i thought it looked bad and cheap .
0	it looks cool at first but it 's really just cheesy and fake .
0	i am extremely disappointed .
0	do n't believe the hype .
0	they always seem to get what they want .
0	buffet sucks .
0	so , about two weeks pass , when i receive an e-mail from hotwire .
0	i will stick with my vegas staple , venetian from now on .
0	i thought this is too conservative and expensive .
0	go play blackjack or craps at any other place , but not at wynn .
0	they finally just give me the $ _num_ to shut me up .
0	idiots !
0	totally unimpressive .
0	i 'd never stay here again .
0	the show plays every _num_ minutes starting when the sun is down .
0	lame .
0	not really .
0	the customer service is horrible .
0	called them _num_ times with _num_ min waiting time each .
0	if you want to be safe and secure , go elsewhere .
0	the room has _num_ full sized beds .
0	come on , wynn , are you even trying ?
0	they do have quite an awesome ice machine though , like seriously legit .
0	how lame can you be ?
0	the slot machines are money hungry man eaters .
0	so they know and they do n't care cause they rather make money ?
0	appalling service .
0	i could n't sleep at the wynn .
0	the wynn was not convenient for us .
0	the wynn sucks .
0	the staff was so useless and at times even rude .
0	total lack of customer service .
0	no call back .
0	just wanted to remind everyone how bad this place is .
0	i never stayed at the hotel so i can not comment on the rooms .
0	if you go in from the main entrance they do n't pay attention .
0	i 'm not sure , when i went in i just kept on walking .
0	this is a review of my gambling experience .
0	i got annoyed and left .
0	too many other issues to go into .
0	just ridiculous .
0	but do not run into any problems .
0	the people here seem to have pretty bad attitude towards their customers .
0	no fans or air conditioning in bathrooms .
0	you will sweat like a pig !
0	common areas = _num_ stars .
0	if you visit , stay out of trouble kids !
0	but just ok .
0	seriously , how pathetic .
0	i have suggested to everyone i know to take their money and class elsewhere .
0	this happened on the morning of september 25th , _num_ around 2am .
0	the worst treatment i have ever received .
0	it does not even deserve _num_ star .
0	i also came home to another _num_ emails from them .
0	walls are paper thin , we heard our neighbors as they heard us .
0	i 'm disappointed , i would not book at the wynn again .
0	i hate everything about the wynn .
0	ripoff like internet in rooms .
0	it small and not even that nice .
0	while the facility was lovely , this behavior is unacceptable .
0	shame on you , wynn .
0	front desk was not very helpful the person who took care of us .
0	bottom line - not worth the money .
0	i would have appreciated follow up from the hotel .
0	a $ _num_ rental fee for a refrigerator is ridiculous .
0	waited _num_ minutes in line just to check in .
0	they told me to following instructions on the slot machine when using the card .
0	the wynn is not worth the price .
0	- drinks are outrageously expensive ( $ _num_ for a shot of bourbon ! )
0	in this day and age they charge $ _num_ ?
0	these valet workers made us wait _num_ minutes to get our car .
0	though inside , i was frustrated .
0	the front desk should be trained in a similar manner .
0	do not stay here .
0	so annoying , but we did .
0	the bottom line : if i could i would choose another hotel any time .
0	the cons : disclosure - i do not care for vegas .
0	but many of my problems with the wynn are specific .
0	that is not enough .
0	i 'm not sure what that was about .
0	worse stay ever in vegas !
0	but my stay there was the worst time i have had in vegas .
0	but it did n't last .
0	normally , it takes just a few minutes to get service .
0	really noisy .
0	would n't recommend .
0	the seating is weird .
0	i traveled to vegas for 4th of july weekend with a group .
0	this place is not worth the money .
0	definitely , it ' the worst one we ever stayed !
0	but the next day no one contacted us , we call them again .
0	after a whole day waiting , no one called us .
0	not the clubs or restaurants .
0	* while at our lily pad at encore beach club flip flops stolen .
0	to my disappointment , it 's not on par with my expectations .
0	it 's a long walk from the garage to registration .
0	i called a total of three times .
0	that is where i lost it .
0	i was once again told nothing could be done .
0	why bother with one that is willing to treat you so poorly ?
0	d food choices r plentiful but lack of quality .
0	terribly disappointed with the bait and switch .
0	using the tv to check out took too long .
0	and despite entering my email address , i never got a receipt .
0	horrible customer service .
0	everyone was rude .
0	so i called the front desk to report this problem .
0	( my husband never had allergic reaction before ) .
0	so we may extend one more night of our stay in wynn .
0	and they do n't even try and hide it .
0	i 'm not coming back .
0	okay i like to dance but not when i 'm trying to sleep .
0	simply ridiculous !
0	if not for that , i would give this place a five star rating .
0	i will not go back to wynn hotel .
0	i would never eat or stay at this hotel again .
0	the casino itself was small and the ceilings were very low .
0	not a good sports bar or dessert shop or nothing .
0	we gave it _num_ stars only because it obviously was n't ghetto .
0	i 'm not even going to go into how bad the service was .
0	country club at wynn not very good .
0	terrible service.
0	just awful .
0	not after this time though .
0	they fed me some bs `` we had a medical emergency '' line .
0	it can not .
0	it 's not dye .
0	i spent hundreds up dollars that night gambling but that meant nothing .
0	the concierge did not seem to care about my concern .
0	my family have been loyal customers of wynn for many many years .
0	i wish i could give less then a _num_ .
0	it was disappointing considering the price .
0	the internet is quite slow , but price is not low .
0	the only casino in vegas that does this .
0	- yes , check your snacks .
0	the boxes were open and eaten without it being removed from the tray .
0	what a terrible way to end our stay .
0	better yet , _num_ minutes after we left !
0	are you kidding me ?
0	extremely bad service .
0	i had asked housekeeping twice to service our room but to no avail .
0	overall , a very disappointing experience .
0	ate at one of their restaurants and had a bad experience .
0	they would have been better off to ignore the original review .
0	this is when reputation management goes wrong folks .
0	when we were walking around the buffet there was n't many options .
0	no raw oysters and only _num_ rolls of sushi to pick from .
0	my wife and i stayed at the wynn tower suites for _num_ nights .
0	however that is where i great the problem .
0	now to the bad .
0	he might be having a bad mood and was being very impatient .
0	the red card station attendants are the exact same way .
0	i do n't know what they could do to make this better .
0	all and all we are beyond disappointed with the experience .
0	neither my husband or i got any sleep that night !
0	horrible !
0	bad service .
0	will not come back again .
0	i will not go back again .
0	they will not give you what you reserved !
0	i really do n't understand why do we need to reserve then !
0	but i 'm here with some friends that staying in the salon suite .
0	it 's now past the check in time and still nothing from the wynn .
0	just be straight up ... do n't jack us around wynn .
0	however , i wait _num_ minutes but no one is here .
0	( he really didnt care .
0	he was rude and extremely unhelpful .
0	rude , obnoxious and shady people manage this place .
0	wynn sucks .
0	besides that all was _num_ stars minimum .
0	very racist hotel !
0	we wish we can give zero star for this review !
0	plus $ _num_ casino credit .
0	could not see going in the hot season .
0	same $ _num_ price with a a $ _num_ credit .
0	wow i would honestly expected coming from nyc i would get better service .
0	i would not recommend the wynn to anyone .
0	really sad what it has become .
0	every other casino bar i 've gone into not affiliated with wynn does .
0	worst customer service in the vegas area !
0	this place sure has went downhill over he years .
0	_num_ bucks gone in less than _num_ minutes .
0	not pleasant .
0	they were insulting stating , `` well , it is expensive here '' .
0	be sure you sign and make copies of all documents .
0	bad service if you can find a waiter at all .
0	this `` make it difficult to uber passengers '' is getting old .
0	extremely rude employees !
0	avoid it !
0	these people do n't care to listen either .
0	am i supposed to sit on the carpet ?
0	sleep on the carpet , what other solution is there ?
0	i 'm never going to spend another dime on this hotel .
0	i called wynn and filed a request .
0	after _num_ weeks i get a response saying it is not there .
0	what a shame !
0	very disappointed with hotel policy and response !
0	never again there .
0	needless to say , i will never go to another wynn property .
0	* shops are very pushy for a close .
0	* wife likes the slot machines at this casino , thus we stayed here .
0	i 'm so disappointed in what is suppose to be such an upscale facility .
0	food is over priced , drinks are over priced .
0	the wanted to charge $ _num_ to use the gym , who does that ?
0	i had a two months old baby with me , what do they expect ?
0	my recent visit was terrible .
0	our first morning , christmas eve , we ordered room service .
0	every 30-45 mins i was getting sick .
0	after an hour of not feeling any better , i called them .
0	which is very unfortunate because again , we are on our honeymoon .
0	unfortunately , that was the past and this is now .
0	housekeeping standards are far below to any steve wynn property .
0	even in the toilet i get id .
0	way too long a wait and too many other hotels to choose from .
0	will not be back .
0	taking my money across the street for the rest of the trip .
0	both encore which i stayed at and wynn are horrible .
0	what is wrong with these people .
0	nice hotel but so many things that could be better .
0	starting with the rooms , they do not match the rest of the hotel .
0	not very comfortable at all .
0	even the downtown casinos have better odds .
0	that does n't even remotely make sense .
0	so ... how does a first class establishment ... sink to such a low ?
0	a building with no beds is not a hotel .
0	ridiculous right ?
0	no comps .
0	that totally ruined our dinner .
0	that was a very bad experience and for such a fine establishment like wynn .
0	a building with no beds is not a hotel .
0	it has been closed for a long time .
0	got into the parking garage but no luck finding a parking space .
0	then again , so does the sahara .
0	really needs improving ... .
0	of course , no one seems to care .
0	parking for the showroom is atrocious if busy .
0	the merchandise for sale is way overpriced .
0	so , the _num_ stars i gave this place is solely for the food .
0	it still does n't excuse this place for selling horrible tasting food .
0	the noodles were disgusting .
0	even my girlfriend tried it and said it was gross .
0	this place is gross .
0	this is by far the worse chinese food i 've ever had .
0	the only thing my mom and i ate was the watermelon .
0	steak and eggs were not satisfying and not worth the money .
0	the selection is extremely limited .
0	it was cheap we had a buy one get one coupon .
0	i 'd avoid it if possible .
0	terrible .
0	stick to another casino on the strip for breakfast .
0	makes hometown buffet taste like a gourmet _num_ star meal !
0	nasty , stinky & has lots of shit on the floor , literally .
0	after ordering , our drinks appeared quickly .
0	our food took almost _num_ minutes to arrive , and was disappointing .
0	the bacon was weird .
0	the only reason this place is getting _num_ stars is the service .
0	i just wish she had the opportunity to serve a better product .
0	that 's not to say that this place is n't deserving of any stars .
0	no thank you .
0	flat screen tv , tidy rooms , and clean .
0	no problem with reservations or check out .
0	for starters , the place was filthy .
0	no smiles .
0	no joking around .
0	the food at the cafe and buffet made me gag .
0	in the room , the clock radio did n't work .
0	terrible 's hotel , terrible indeed .
0	food is bomb tho .
0	the name says it all : this place is pretty terrible .
0	this was our last stop on the tour .
0	not that we will ever use the player 's club card again , however !
0	everyone else had a _num_ in a paper bag in their hand !
0	the elevators and halls smelled of smoke .
0	this place sucks for non smokers !
0	during check it , does n't feel welcomed at all .
0	the only thing that taste okay was scramble eggs .
0	absolute worst .
0	worst stay in a hotel i have ever experienced .
0	the bad ! ''
0	if i could give this place zero stars , i would .
0	omg this place is so bad !
0	it 's almost offensive that this is how they reward their loyal guests !
0	but it was pretty bad .
0	the beef brisket ranged from charcoal to gritty fat .
0	just a bad experience .
0	seriously everything was sooo unappetizing .
0	the worst salmon i 've ever had .
0	maybe it gets better at night who knows ?
0	anyways , i believe i had their mac and cheese and buffalo wings ?
0	way too much money .
0	it was so annoying to eat with this waitress walking around being so irritating .
0	first time we ordered them fried , dry dry dry .
0	well i want to start by saying my rating for this restaurant is misleading .
0	i dont like to send food back to the kitchen .
0	that is restaurant _num_ .
0	the waiter we had was really rude and did not smile once .
0	they took my lifetime membership away and now the food is turning to garbage .
0	she even went as far as to tell us what to write .
0	the meal was spoiled by the regular survey questions from our server .
0	$ _num_ , for a hamburger ?
0	and right there i just lost it !
0	the staff there is so unprofessional and rude its ridiculous .
0	the internet is slow and works maybe if your lucky half the time .
0	it 's _num_ , not _num_ when the apartment was made .
0	worse move of my life !
0	i would have given no stars if i could .
0	it was a splurge ... it was $ _num_ .
0	well , that is so not what happened .
0	she refuses to do anything and is treating me like a criminal .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	anyway , i 'm not rich .
0	i clearly would never return to this saks , ever again .
0	worst customer service experience ever !
0	terrible customer service .
0	needless to say they need to work on customer service .
0	it arrived fast , in _num_ days .
0	not enough selection .
0	all the employees there dress terribly .
0	lastly , it has no class at all .
0	avoid this place .
0	horrible .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	roman times needs to work on their professionalism and customer service .
0	he demanded i buy a watch or leave .
0	the second signage is up , but with no power .
0	no one should wait that long for a quote .
0	except for the fact when it was finally finished , it was done wrong .
0	tina said `` no problem , we will make a new one '' .
0	tina does n't respond to emails unless it 's for an order .
0	_num_ minutes ?
0	another table straight up skipped out after a waiting .
0	definitely a hole in the wall .
0	umm ... no .
0	let me tell you why we 'll never go there again !
0	* our waitress took forever and was not that helpful .
0	our waitress never checked on us , and we were ready to go .
0	ugh .
0	did i miss anything ?
0	if you like bathrooms that look they were cleaned a month ago ... .
0	i guess i 'm used to getting the check before i 'm done eating .
0	at most they deserve at _num_ .
0	it 's not worth the wait at all .
0	the wait staff are nice though ... _num_ stars for the friendly waitress .
0	the bar and tables are cheap , so no problem there .
0	here 's my problem : the karaoke mc is a douche .
0	tried hitting up the bbq spot and the restaurant .
0	the bbq chicken was moist , the sauce was good .
0	i was truly disappointed .
0	for the price , i 'm really not impressed with it .
0	not good .
0	i unfortunately got really sick after eating my steak with food poisoning symptoms .
0	no bbq after 10pm .
0	not our favorite .
0	came with stale looking buns .
0	the service reeked of crap !
0	and do n't even get me started about the service .
0	forgettable .
0	only reason i would try again .
0	needless to say , we all walked out .
0	the ipa is a new brew i was not expecting to find .
0	the $ _num_ steak was tough .
0	i could n't tell if the waitress hated her customers or her life more .
0	the steak was a bit overcooked and tough , and the rest was unremarkable .
0	why do n't you taste the same ?
0	i thought wrong .
0	not just once , but twice !
0	very disappointing .
0	they had this weird setup where even though their tables were clean and empty .
0	parties had to wait about _num_ to _num_ mins before getting a table !
0	avoid it if you can .
0	ill go back for the food .
0	their kitchen was closed for cleaning last night at _num_ so no prime rib .
0	awesome deal , but if only the quality was as good as the price .
0	ca n't have the bet of both worlds right ?
0	i 'm torn with how many stars i should give this place .
0	also , they have a restaurant and a metro pizza in the casino .
0	they have probably the smallest karaoke song selection i 've ever seen .
0	i was there _num_ hours and sang _num_ songs .
0	i will not be back .
0	ugly ribs .
0	_num_ steak and eggs .
0	my wife was craving for chicken fried steak for a while .
0	we had to wait for another _num_ minutes before our order came .
0	my order was horrible .
0	it 's so hard and burnt .
0	the place was cramped , with tables crowded against each other .
0	no way for me to pull that one out of the bag .
0	the food was nothing to write home about , very standard .
0	metro pizza is _num_ for _num_ large pizza 's on sundays .
0	there is however , no place to sit and eat your pizza .
0	the service and the drinks however ... left a lot to be desired .
0	i did n't want it .
0	nothing i would worry about getting again but not the worst i ever had .
0	um , not for us , sorry .
0	clearly enough people show up for the cheap food .
0	this gentlemen was supposed to get a whole and they made him a half .
0	they could not come up to me to apologize or face me in person .
0	they have no reason to call me a liar .
0	so i was unsure as to why we waited _num_ minutes for a table .
0	we were starving at this point .
0	except , my knife could barely cut through my steak .
0	but yelp , you are wrong .
0	so very wrong .
0	i was like , why do you need to know that ?
0	we 're waiting there for at least _num_ minutes .
0	about another _num_ minutes pass with still no one coming to the players desk !
0	i was not a fan .
0	too bad the rest of the experience was bad .
0	he suggested ellis island casino , which brews its own beer onsite .
0	acceptable , but nothing to write home about .
0	karaoke _num_ nights a week !
0	two words : food poisoning .
0	it 's just not worth it anymore .
0	if there were zero stars , that is what i would have selected .
0	i would never return here based on the rudeness of their staff .
0	much to my disappointment it was below mediocre .
0	my steak came in hard , dry , and close to leather .
0	now mind you , this is already _num_ minutes into the meal .
0	the worst part is the asshole security guy who was rude to me .
0	i want to give this place zero stars .
0	have not been back since the food inspection noted on november _num_ .
0	i was expecting a $ _num_ steak and eggs as other yelpers mentioned .
0	terrible for groups .
0	do n't believe me ?
0	really ?
0	can you imagine how nasty the kitchen is ?
0	anyways , it 's just bad news all around .
0	do n't care to go back .
0	i had to leave , and i definitely would n't recommend coming back .
0	you had me at $ _num_ when we met in _num_ .
0	terrible service , condescending and rude management on duty .
0	everything else is legal in nevada except this .
0	and went for the _num_ steak + beer .
0	i really do n't remember much from that night .
0	it is connected to a super _num_ motel or a hotel _num_ .
0	i know there is an _num_ in the name .
0	they also have some slot machines like every other building in this city .
0	there is also a very small metro pizza location there .
0	it is a very old place and the decor is out dated .
0	now in new york you can get breakfast 24/7 , no problem .
0	they could n't tell me that before i completed the requirements for some reason .
0	an hour long wait on a saturday night for sub par food .
0	tvs everywhere but they have the same game on repeat sets .
0	service is terrible .
0	horrible service and the food is hit and miss .
0	the kicker is that the bbq cafe was half empty .
0	he explained the kitchen can handle tickets greater than _num_ .
0	if i could give no stars i would .
0	awful , just awful .
0	so back to the waiting area where i was completely ignored .
0	but than again it 's cheap and you get what you pay for .
0	very rude .
0	i been here for the past _num_ years .
0	ellis island used to have a nice outdoor bbq restaurant .
0	the restaurant is so small that it fills up almost instantly .
0	sad to say , i wo n't waste my time or money here anymore .
0	the ipa and hefeweizen were mediocre to poor .
0	the last _num_ visits have been very frustrating .
0	i only have a few moments to tell you how horrible this place is .
0	budget food restaurant with some good deals and bad deals .
0	the chicken salad is also enough for two people .
0	too .
0	do n't think we will be back here on purpose any time soon .
0	it was the only time in weeks it was out of my sight .
0	unfortunately , management could have cared less .
0	no such luck .
0	one star since i ca n't give zero .
0	this place is rude !
0	not worth it .
0	this place is aweful , everything about it was horrible !
0	but they either do n't or just do n't care .
0	she comes back with _num_ packs of relish .
0	these people need some serious training and quality control .
0	will not be coming back and suggest you do the same .
0	a few of them ordered the same thing as me .
0	our server did n't even ask us once if everything is okay .
0	i hate this place .
0	my eggs were cold and his steak was very salty .
0	gone in here to grab a few cocktails after work .
0	very small , smokey casino .
0	even the virgin drink i ordered had alcohol and i should sue .
0	ca n't even scramble eggs .
0	but than again it 's cheap and you get what you pay for .
0	beers are worse than anything i ever tested .
0	good place , affordable prices but the wait to get in is ridiculous .
0	the entire place is just old , stinky and trashy .
0	just no .
0	not the way to treat new customers .
0	_num_ hr wait .
0	we went to ellis island on our last visit to vegas .
0	i wish i would have got lunch , the french fries look good .
0	here , the customer has no chance to be right .
0	this place does not care about locals .
0	love the casino but the karaoke bar was a bit of a hot mess !
0	they might have good food but i will never go back to find out !
0	we ordered the new york strip , baked potato and shrimp .
0	why is it this establishment can not make their food available to everyone ?
0	they have officially lost a loyal customer .
0	will not go back .
0	just my opinion from _num_ visit .
0	i 'm thinking we should have came for dinner for there famous ribs ... .
0	i have to say this place was nothing special .
0	yea that 's gon na be a no for me dog .
0	really bad service last night ... my wife 's salad was drenched in dressing .
0	the drinks are cheap .
0	the alcohol experience is not consistent .
0	this is total bs .
0	the girl running the karaoke runs it like a nazi on speed .
0	server not honest .
0	we waited _num_ minutes to get our food .
0	there are much better physicians out there : i ca n't recommend this guy .
0	no big deal i thought at first .
0	is it wrong ?
0	so on top of being a little creepy , he dropped this bomb .
0	this will be my last time sitting in this office .
0	the front office people could care less .
0	the gal at the store was not very helpful .
0	they 're very expensive and you can not get a refund exchange only .
0	and she was not willing to help me at all .
0	sure ... i ate ... i was hungry .
0	im assuming they went buffet style b/c of the lack of business .
0	i 've never had such a bad experience with indian food .
0	whoever gave this place more then one star has never eaten indian food before !
0	besides being very bland there was a serious issue of meat !
0	_num_ stars just for the food .
0	oh boy am i in trouble .
0	i would not go back here .
0	horrible food , worst customer service .
0	i mean guy could n't see me eating the food .
0	believe me it was nothing like that .
0	the service is really really really bad .
0	its one of the buffet you never want to waste your money .
0	there are just too many better places in town , i.e .
0	buffet food was ok , but rather bland .
0	not a good service experience after the third time .
0	terrible experience from the owner .
0	utterly ridiculous .
0	the dude does n't even know where the guest are seated .
0	worst food we had in vegas .
0	also for the price its not worth .
0	also the parking lot was empty .
0	now we know why it was empty .
0	finally , the plastic silverware was just too much .
0	the service was very poor , the atmosphere very average .
0	price was ok till u realize that all food is a la carte .
0	worst place to eat for any south indian .
0	very expensive buffet ( $ _num_ ) for all tasteless food .
0	pathetic service , rude behavior , asking kid not to make a mess .
0	i hate this fucking place .
0	they quickly changed their attitude and went ahead to actually fight with us .
0	thumbs down till they reach rock bottom .
0	this one only has _num_ veggie curry options , _num_ appetizer .
0	unfortunately , this spot was very disappointing : overpriced and subpar .
0	i would recommend eating anywhere else in the las vegas besides this place !
0	trust me do not waste your time and money on this place .
0	the food here is too spicy and the seating is limited .
0	i dont like spending alot of money and have to wait to be seated .
0	the food does not taste fresh .
0	it seems like it is mainly leftovers that were frozen and then reheated .
0	no thanks ... not coming back !
0	do n't go if you 're looking for authentic indian food .
0	this place does n't smell like money , it smells like yesterday 's ragu .
0	or just cheap .
0	so lame .
0	the card tables near the entrance blows the cards up sometimes .
0	the only plus is the cheap hot dogs and the cheap craps minimum .
0	it 's far off the strip and not worth the hike .
0	not much else of interest here to me .
0	ok , well i didnt go here to play slots or cheap table games .
0	first off it was cold .
0	even that was an ordeal .
0	utter disappointment !
0	disgusting does n't even begin to describe the `` hot dog '' .
0	probably still worth _num_ minutes of your time though .
0	nothing special at all about this place and would n't go back .
0	video blackjack and video roulette .
0	no more cheap beer or food either , just a subway and nathan 's .
0	it is all video .
0	the dollar hot dogs have been replaced .
0	there is an over priced subway inside .
0	the place was full of people that i would cross the street to avoid .
0	no reason to ever step foot in this place .
0	no drink service , no cashier , no management .
0	no on was playing .
0	this year , i was going to vegas for the first time .
0	but for now , its just kinda sad .
0	i wanted to like this place so freaking bad .
0	who knew that a hot dog could take _num_ minutes to prepare .
0	there is also a discount ticket booth in the back .
0	am i asking too much ?
0	this place is downright scary .
0	i 'd imagine steve wynn will expand and tear it down before long .
0	there were maybe _num_ people in the casino , including me and my date .
0	because dinner took so long our reception went past the expected end time .
0	poor service , _num_ stars for the food still being good .
0	this place is n't closed at all .
0	on a $ _num_ tab ?
0	needless to say i will never come back .
0	needless to say , i will never return here .
0	food was very bland .
0	i do n't feel valued anymore .
0	if i could give this denny 's a negative rating i would .
0	your computer ca n't handle _num_ orders ?
0	worst denny 's experience ever .
0	they took _num_ orders and only brought _num_ .
0	now i remember why i stopped liking denny 's .
0	not spending my $ $ here .
0	overall it sucked .
0	some of the tee boxes were simply awful .
0	it 's like _num_ min .
0	_num_ balls ) .
0	so you either hit a hole or a patch of grass or both .
0	it 's like playing golf through the ghetto .
0	_num_ $ for a men 's haircut is crazy !
0	sorry to be so negative .
0	the combo of drag queens and michael jackson jokes will hardly win any awards .
0	ugh .
0	this place is a huge disappointment .
0	my room was clean , and it was actually quiet .
0	i needed a quick dinner so i ate in the coffee shop .
0	there is no comfortable place to sit and watch a sports game either .
0	i actually walked over to circus circus between meetings and had a better time .
0	the a/c units are too old and sound like an engine in the room .
0	not next time .
0	what a load of crap !
0	and i bet they hate this dump , too .
0	what a bomb .
0	then i will get a drink that taste like someone pissed in it .
0	do not - i repeat do not eat here .
0	we had lunch in the coffee shop and it was awful .
0	poor drink service , as seems to be standard in vegas .
0	$ _num_ for gym access ?
0	overall not disgusting , but not a place to stay on ones ' honeymoon .
0	my friend booked this room trying to save money !
0	we stayed at the riviera after checking out of the platinum hotel on sunday .
0	no need to spend another _num_ dollars .
0	everything about this place is old and dusty .
0	i doubt anyone comes here because they actually choose to .
0	stupid riviera .
0	casino sucks , and is depressing .
0	not cool .
0	but then something tells you to look down at the sheets and no .
0	fold it in half and sleep on top of the sheets .
0	it 's like the motel _num_ on the strip .
0	the bathroom needs to be updated with new counter tops and sinks .
0	really , it 's just a change in furniture and new linens .
0	it was scary ) , but i would n't wander around outside after dark .
0	my charger was also missing .
0	why pay for vip .
0	management check her , shes bad news .
0	hooters is nicer than this rat hole .
0	so i paid $ _num_ for a room advertised that night for $ _num_ .
0	some of my items were missing .
0	yeah , stay the hell away from this place .
0	avoid .
0	you ask , well you should have called to have your room switched ?
0	excuse me ?
0	`` im sorry thats a different department . ''
0	i mean , at least offer me show tickets , buffet tickets , anything .
0	pretty run down and bugs in the lobby bathrooms .
0	stinks when they are done .
0	horrible , horrible service .
0	and the really crappy view of something that looked like the ghetto .
0	the bathroom was ok but how cheap does a hotel need to be ?
0	what is there to add ?
0	so here is my experience while staying at this dump .
0	what a sad disaster of a place .
0	the faded glory here was overwhelming .
0	but if you are paying , consider other places .
0	you 're not supposed to do that .
0	if i could give it less than one star i would .
0	i 'm still confused .
0	the hotel could really use some renovation .
0	or negative stars ?
0	our room was pretty standard .
0	it was disgusting !
0	food -- -- less than one star .
0	_num_ stars .
0	ick !
0	its sad to see what was a fine establishment so far gone .
0	this allows them to advertise a lower price than the actual price .
0	it is sneaky and sleazy .
0	_num_ mins wait ) .
0	_num_ ) horrible rooms .
0	_num_ ) location is awful .
0	stay here if u must but spend ur money somewhere else .
0	the room was n't as clean as i would have expected .
0	disappointing .
0	tacky , tacky , tacky .
0	tacky .
0	old box tv .
0	if it was possible to give the riviera no stars , i would .
0	absolute worse .
0	i would never stay here again .
0	we received no basic amenities and received all around bad service with this place .
0	this is the worst hotel ever .
0	food in the hotel is lousy .
0	first off , the elevators in the parking structure are seriously scary .
0	lame .
0	this is by far my worst experience staying in las vegas .
0	rooms had dated look , carpet was stained , heater was not working properly .
0	the staff at the riviera is very rude !
0	ridiculous !
0	also , the restaurant inside the hotel has very poor quality food .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	not this time .
0	the sahara was nicer than this dump !
0	very disappointed .
0	ugh .
0	plus , the dealer named wolfgang was very rude to us as well .
0	when we checked in , my reservations were still not in their system .
0	i did this , and was given the run around ( literally ) .
0	biggest problem was valet services .
0	took nearly _num_ minutes to get a taxi every time .
0	i do n't know where to start other than this place is awful .
0	their service was horrible and hotel manager was incredibly rude .
0	instead , i get sad when i come here .
0	a major facelift is in order .
0	the non smoking room smells of stale cigarettes .
0	the maids are noisy starting early in the morning .
0	according to my experience , it is not .
0	we immediately left and found another hotel to finish out our vegas stay .
0	i would not stay here again , though .
0	i 'm staying here now and am disappointed that we decided to do so .
0	that 's not to say that it 's bad .
0	and then i discovered that they had lost my reservation .
0	not bellagio , yet .
0	i could use the fish and chips as an excuse .
0	this place is horrible and i will never stay here again .
0	not enough !
0	do not stay here .
0	nasty !
0	rooms sucked bad .
0	one of the worst hotel experiences ever !
0	ill pitch in to blow it up !
0	and parking sucked .
0	so if you do stay , carefully check your bill at check out .
0	they will try and steal every dime from you they can .
0	ok , so the room in general is not that bad for the money .
0	the bartender was really rude when i showed him my drink coupon .
0	now the worst part : the elevator to the parking structure .
0	omg , i got stuck in it and had to press the emergency button .
0	she did n't act to surprised she acted like it was a normal thing .
0	before pearl left i asked her when will housekeeping come clean my room .
0	i would n't recommend this hotel to anyone .
0	stay clear from this hell hole .
0	i will never ever be back to the riviera hotel and casino .
0	find elsewhere to take your business .
0	it 's dirty , dingy , dark , and depressing .
0	the two big negatives was the buffett and parking .
0	worst hotel experience ever !
0	i 'm almost too ashamed to write this review .
0	to be honest , the room is n't too bad .
0	the staff was very rude and unfriendly .
0	the walls are paper thin , the carpet is absolutely gross .
0	the bathrooms had no vent at all , it was nasty as everything else .
0	there was nothing special about the room .
0	riviera is the worst hotel i 've ever stayed in my life .
0	they proceeded to tell me it would cost triple per night to upgrade .
0	some mold and dust .
0	we stayed here last summer after booking through hotwire for $ _num_ a night .
0	it 's a really tired casino .
0	would n't recommend it .
0	worst hotel ever .
0	so dumb .
0	disgusting .
0	the place is kinda creepy .
0	the room was old , smelly , and noisy as all hell .
0	_num_ days _num_ nights for $ _num_ .
0	i was n't expecting _num_ star for that price and this hotel .
0	i highly do not recommend going to the food court at all .
0	overall for the price ca n't complain too much .
0	this place has gone downhill and it makes me sad !
0	it looks like a yard sale walking through the casino .
0	we noticed a cheese steak place , mediterranean , , subway , etc .
0	there was barely any sauce on it .
0	i 'm sorry sir she 's not available .
0	the customer service is terrible and beware the staff will lie to you !
0	no thanks .
0	- our room was not cleaned in the _num_ hours we stayed there .
0	we get there and find out that the seats in the back were horrible !
0	i wo n't ever visit this casino again .
0	the rooms were n't so bad , i find it to be rather small .
0	do n't go for this place .
0	room is nice , lock the door , dont talk to anyone in vegas !
0	the casino was basically empty , as was the food court .
0	this hotel is really disgusting .
0	the chairs and carpets were stained and nasty .
0	because the windows were so thin , it made it impossible to sleep .
0	bad call .
0	check-in : very long line and only _num_ clerks .
0	fake .
0	very , very dated .
0	spend the extra money and go somewhere else .
0	we ignored yelp reviews warning customers of bed bugs ( read them .
0	bad decision .
0	this is a serious problem that the hotel apparently has not addressed properly .
0	would never , never stay here again ... never !
0	just so you know , non-smoking is an upgrade you will pay for .
0	to top it off , the hotel layout was confusing .
0	nothing went right .
0	we booked our hotel room and got our reservation at the riviera .
0	what the actual hell ?
0	is this _num_ ?
0	would not stay again .
0	horrible .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	she assured me that risk management would call me .
0	i tried calling risk management every day .
0	on _num_ july _num_ housekeeping came to the room around _num_ am .
0	i explained what happened and how i already got _num_ new keys .
0	`` why are you mad ? ''
0	all the money i had in the safe was taken .
0	thats how bad this hotel is .
0	the casino itself sucks .
0	check-in was horrible .
0	the casino is definitely dated but does n't feel as dingy as it could .
0	the bed covers looked too old .
0	however , we will book elsewhere next time .
0	customer service is really lacking .
0	no microwave for use in the whole hotel .
0	r buffet has no takeout option .
0	the room stinks , no microwave , no coffee maker .
0	needless to say it was not a great experience .
0	i asked her opinion , the clerk said pool view would be much better .
0	bed is bad , showers are worst , its worse than a motel _num_ .
0	the casino is too small .
0	rooms have a bad smell .
0	i was waiting for _num_ min and one never showed up .
0	i mean , just walking this place and you can feel something is missing .
0	it 's really not fair .
0	however , time has clearly passed this place over .
0	the carpets are stained and dirty , the casino feels outdated .
0	no thanks .
0	$ _num_ beer .
0	the banana leaf cafe was horrible as well .
0	the r steak restaurant was the only saving grace here as well .
0	not quite cool .
0	just old folks gambling .
0	i 'm sure i 'm better off .
0	this hotel is the worst i have ran into .
0	it was limited , and was n't a huge fan .
0	dirty , elevator seems like its going to break .
0	crappy service .
0	zero stars !
0	this place is awful and the customer service is twenty times worse !
0	if i could give zero stars , i would .
0	i mean , come on !
0	needless to say , we will never go back to the riviera again .
0	not terrible for the price .
0	worse customer service period !
0	from front desk to manager they are all rude .
0	we got the luxury room booked with _num_ double bed .
0	no , they do not have those .
0	do not see shows here !
0	then , given a room , opened the door only to find it occupied .
0	across the street from the nasty filthy circus circus .
0	no valet .
0	just do n't stay here .
0	you 're in vegas ... you deserve better baby .
0	slept well ( alcohol helped ) loud ac .
0	the check-in time is ridiculous !
0	this is simply unacceptable .
0	all _num_ pillows were so old and stained with yellow .
0	_num_ ) check-in took us _num_ hr .
0	gross , who knows what soaked the carpet .
0	i have to agree with all the other bad reviews .
0	but did n't see any .
0	empty pool was a bit weird to me .
0	no apology or attempt to fix the broken internet .
0	and , no , they don ; t call you .
0	just in case you do n't notice .
0	there are plenty of better choices .
0	if i could give them _num_ stars , i would .
0	we had a _num_ night stay here that was part of a promotion .
0	the biggest complaints were no coffee in the room .
0	service was slow .
0	this place sucks .
0	if you respect yourself , do n't come here .
0	the casino is not fun .
0	i spent all my time at other locations .
0	i have never had such a horrible experience .
0	from the front desk to the manager they all had a horrible attitude .
0	we stayed in the non smoking suite .
0	this place is a mess !
0	experience here this past weekend was just horrible .
0	called the front desk and _num_ hour later , no progress .
0	_num_ minutes later , nothing .
0	then i find out _num_ other people had same problem !
0	the minute you walk up to this hotel , you can smell sewage .
0	once you walk in , it 's like instantly stepping back into _num_ 's .
0	check in was long even _num_ at night .
0	the room itself was clean , but very small .
0	i would hate to see what the cheaper rooms looked like .
0	next time in vegas i will be getting a room elsewhere .
0	no apologies and no offers to move us .
0	the only ok thing is the gym .
0	this fitness center has old equipment , but many to use .
0	it looks like it just got a remodel .
0	driving around to find more parking is a nightmare .
0	a little scary too .
0	that 's is in top of the $ _num_ charge .
0	our room was outdated at least _num_ years .
0	no one seemed to care !
0	the iron did not function properly .
0	yes , it is cheap , for a reason .
0	we had an ok view of the strip , whatever .
0	terrible coffee shops with terrible quality food court .
0	i do n't even know where to start .
0	this hotel is old , the restrooms ohhhh lord they are very small .
0	this hotel is sad .
0	it was horrible , even for people who is used the smoke .
0	our room still had n't been cleaned !
0	bathroom floor looked dirty .
0	i realize i was not paying for luxury .
0	this place is terrible fist _num_ minutes to check in after arriving at 11pm .
0	the convenience is n't worth how grossed out i was by this hotel .
0	be charged and not another surprise .
0	i was pretty disappointed and would suggest staying somewhere else .
0	beds are old , dirty , and stained .
0	walls are old , dirty , and stained .
0	we came back by 4pm , and nothing was done .
0	then it was time to check out of the rooms .
0	the room was okay , just literally okay .
0	worst hotel experience i have ever had .
0	- the food court was nothing to brag about .
0	the riviera came up and the price was very cheap .
0	bad idea .
0	omg and the bathrooms were awful .
0	so we stood there for another _num_ minutes .
0	my girlfriend and i stayed here last week .
0	at $ _num_ dollars a night i expect my towels to be clean .
0	circus circus across the street has better slots .
0	horrible booking experience .
0	staff is useless .
0	pay a little extra somewhere else not worth the headache .
0	i ca n't describe how filthy and out dated everything is .
0	that place is a poor excuse of a resort .
0	if i could give them less than a star i would .
0	am i being too picky ?
0	it was really chewy , really tough , not enjoyable at all .
0	my check for just the meal and soft drink was about $ _num_ .
0	i would n't even walk back in to this place if you paid me .
0	no wifi access at all .
0	this place is horrible !
0	the employees clearly have no manners or sense of customer service !
0	rooms are shit - old and outdated even tho advertised as `` remodeled '' .
0	this is _num_ weeks after vegas .
0	worst front desk service ever !
0	never seen anything like it .
0	the room itself was dated , but reasonably clean .
0	i will never stay here again !
0	i 'm not sure where i should begin .
0	this hotel might have been cool some _num_ years ago .
0	my room was very spacious and bed was comfortable .
0	our stay was an absolute disaster !
0	so , clearly it was not our computers , but your network !
0	no coffee maker in the room ?
0	there is no excuse for the way we were treated this weekend !
0	the wi-fi in here is weak and slow .
0	whatever you do do not stay here .
0	i really try to avoid negative reviews unless absolutely necessary .
0	and the icing on the cake , taxi drives avoided us like the plague .
0	the toilet had water issue .
0	do n't stay at this hotel .
0	horrible customer service on top of filthy environment !
0	i 've stayed in cheaper hotels that offer better beds and toiletries .
0	what a crappy hotel !
0	they gave us _num_ king bed instead of _num_ queens that we had requested .
0	this hotel is as bad as people say .
0	it smelled like pure sewage outside walking to the hotel .
0	this place is absolutely horrible .
0	hot water only part of my first shower .
0	none at all today .
0	you ca n't adjust the shower head or the flow of water .
0	one of the worst vegas hotels i have been to .
0	needs to be badly remodeled .
0	alma , front desk manager , screwed up our reservations for our trade show .
0	on our way to vegas from la we called to verify our reservations .
0	chinese food place was the worst !
0	salt n pepper chicken was worst than the noodles !
0	o yea , teriyaki chicken taste like flour and soy sauce !
0	worst hotel ever !
0	treated me like crap and just was talking rude to me .
0	would give it _num_ stars if i could .
0	the walls of the second restroom in our suit were filthy and stained .
0	the decor is very dated and the cleanliness leaves something to be desired .
0	it wo n't be around much longer , and clearly it shows .
0	learn from my mistakes do not stay here .
0	but wow was it bad !
0	very sad to see this historic landmark go but employees have already checked out .
0	never again !
0	the service was ok but i would never stay here again .
0	it 's always worse than you think though .
0	it does n't work .
0	the beds are uncomfortable everything looks run down .
0	it wo n't shock you by being better than expected .
0	they were horrible .
0	or not !
0	outdated !
0	our clothing iron in our room did n't work .
0	i had horrible customer service at riviera .
0	they advertise as pet friendly , but were anything but .
0	there is no credit balance on the card .
0	i was totally unimpressed with the casino host .
0	an employee hosting the tournament told me they could grab me a copy .
0	i did n't remember seeing anything about rules .
0	personally , i 'm surprised that it even lasted this long .
0	another famous las vegas hotel & casino now a thing of the past .
0	no luck .
0	same for the better business bureau .
0	so i refused to leave .
0	i do not recommend this business .
0	dropped my suit off on a wednesday for my cousins wedding on saturday .
0	went here to get my check engine light off .
0	had the problem before and it was fixed quickly and affordable ... not here .
0	i was told the car would be done by _num_ that day .
0	would n't recommend it and will not go back .
0	i could n't believe it .
0	they could n't believe it .
0	no one else worked on my breaks since my visit @ don di 's .
0	this place has some of the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
0	_num_ days and $ _num_ i finally have my car back .
0	at that point our car should have been ready in a couple of days .
0	apparently `` help '' means $ _num_ off .
0	i brought it back and was told the battery was dead .
0	_num_ stars for us .
0	they will not do the work and they will keep your money .
0	i understand that i will have to eat the $ _num_ for brakes .
0	that leaves a balance of $ _num_ owed me .
0	another nightmare .
0	dishonest and worst repair !
0	replace an upper oil pan , costs me _num_ $ !
0	i have to echo laura m. 's post below .
0	i could have used my car those _num_ days .
0	`` no , we do n't do that kind of work here . ''
0	you ca n't make this stuff up .
0	before we left _num_ people had tried and failed the challenge .
0	the fries cheap frozen curly fries with no salt .
0	neither of us ate 1/2 our meals and the service was sketchy at best .
0	thats really sad .
0	servers were just walking around and werent really making themselves useful .
0	so , i ordered the small version of it .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
0	no grilled cheese , veggie burgers or anything of the sort .
0	her boss on duty has no customer service skills ... avoid this place ... .
0	it 's _num_ lbs .
0	the food was expensive and not even good .
0	karma sucks huh ?
0	one of the worst burritos i 've ever had !
0	terrible service and disappointing food sum up my experience at nascar caf .
0	the place is horrible .
0	but i was so hungry i ate them all .
0	prices seemed overly high considering the wait time and the quality .
0	thats why we chose the cafe cuz we were tired and hungry .
0	would definitely advise not to eat here or use the arcade services .
0	no complaints here .
0	_num_ lb .
0	this place does not deserve a star !
0	my husband ordered a chicken sandwich which came with curly fries .
0	worst of all , most of the cafe is shut down !
0	i went here and boy was i disappointed .
0	i wish i had seen the review by christopher before coming to this establishment .
0	either way , i 'd avoid this place !
0	a nightmare !
0	weak .
0	my father who can barely walk needed a handicapped hang tag .
0	the doctor rescheduled my appointment because her staff took forever to verify my insurance !
0	i am very disappointed in this doctor !
0	my body was acting like it was having an allergic reaction .
0	he was rude to me and did n't listen to my concerns .
0	the incompetence i witnessed at this office was unparalleled .
0	stop what we are doing and wait for them to be done .
0	i wo n't remove my review .
0	very unhappy .
0	i did not purchase anything .
0	the fitting room girl was rude too .
0	nothing like my local sephora .
0	dear sephora vegas - work on customer service .
0	rude staff , no greeting or welcoming !
0	not helpful at all .
0	i walk away and i saw her was chatting with bunch of coworkers .
0	i was looking for something specific and i did n't find any stacked .
0	this was the third sephora i 've been to all day .
0	was very disappointed at the service .
0	she was shockingly rude .
0	maybe try one of the other _num_ or _num_ locations on the strip ?
0	they are standing around talking in groups instead of greeting customers .
0	they constantly mess up phone orders .
0	no fan in bathroom , shower door wouldnt close .
0	my list goes on .
0	i clearly knew this was bullshit and called my bank .
0	everything is old and falling apart .
0	i stayed here for labor day weekend and it was pretty terrible .
0	stayed here one night and one night only .
0	almost thought me and my _num_ friends were not going to survive .
0	it 's definitely cheap and `` $ _num_ dollars worth '' .
0	so , i got the cheese steak .
0	i ca n't believe people shop this store , i think they 're terrible .
0	_num_ minutes later i left with no help and no purchase .
0	terrible experience .
0	i wish i could give a big _num_ .
0	very shitty place .
0	very bad customer service at the register .
0	there was only _num_ receptionist helping people with _num_ people in line .
0	there were toilet papers on the floor and used hand towels on the rack .
0	we go down again to explain and get another room .
0	ok , so we go down again to get another room and guess what ?
0	i 'm not kidding , those were the actual words they said to us .
0	_num_ - you get what you pay for .
0	such a disappointment !
0	scam , scam , scam !
0	our room was _num_ degrees when we checked in .
0	we could not sleep .
0	no free wifi .
0	we wo n't be seeing that money .
0	it was also very conveniently located a half block off the strip .
0	we fell into the nice king sized bed and feel asleep .
0	i did not enjoy staying there and i will not do so ever again .
0	i do n't even know where to start .
0	it is not in the greatest area .
0	the ice in the ice machine tasted bad .
0	also they charge $ _num_ per device every _num_ hours for internet .
0	it is n't that close .
0	very poor customer service .
0	so i called back and talked to randy again .
0	so i called back another day and talked to april .
0	so i left a message for daniel ford ( the owner ? )
0	for the second time and still have not received a call back .
0	this place damned near killed my aunt .
0	do not bring your animal here !
0	no vet who cares about animals would speak that way about someone 's pet .
0	horrible place !
0	i will never spend another dollar here again in my life .
0	seeing that he generally did n't care either , we walked out .
0	on top of that , the guacamole burger did n't have guacamole on it .
0	it was just too bad to deserve a _num_ because of that .
0	then when the burgers came , they were n't even good .
0	they had no flavor whatsoever .
0	bottom line ... avoid this place !
0	there was only _num_ waitress for the entire place ... at lunch time !
0	burgers are $ _num_ each without sides .
0	bloody mary was $ _num_ .
0	mediocre food , apathetic management , and a long wait for the food .
0	no bbq sauce which i thought was weird .
0	the coconut shrimp was awesome though .
0	i ca n't deny it .
0	simply put , as the _num_ stars state `` meh .
0	im confused though .
0	it was very bland .
0	and they had the nerve to auto charge for the tips !
0	avoid carlos as your waiter !
0	service , well not friendly way to busy talking to each other .
0	too bad , you lost a sale .
0	this poor smiths ... just ugh .
0	dirty , dated , poorly run .
0	staff is not very friendly .
0	they do n't have the sense to know when they can win or lose .
0	i hate this smiths .
0	avoid avoid avoid !
0	really bad first time experience here .
0	had to wait _num_ mins at customer service just to get _num_ dollars back .
0	bad bad bad .
0	i 'm truly disappointed .
0	oh wait ... i ca n't .
0	not a bad casino , but the rooms are crap .
0	i think this was the worst pizza i 've ever had in my life .
0	like it had been sitting out for _num_ days .
0	what a disappointment !
0	i could n't get it out of my head for hours .
0	just bring your own pillow , blankets and towels .
0	its very upsetting and were taking this to corporate .
0	worst motel i 've ever stayed in .
0	the room had a safe , hair dryer , soap and shampoo .
0	sheets were low quality .
0	the front window would n't open .
0	the walls had cracks and needed paint pretty badly .
0	no fridge , mic , coffee maker ( ? )
0	it was a little noisy but , again , we did sleep .
0	just plain gross !
0	dirty , gross and nasty !
0	the room smelled so bad .
0	stale pastries , rotten fruit and stale cereal .
0	this is not even a place i 'd go drunk anymore .
0	skip it .
0	dirty on the outside and horribly crowded on the inside .
0	first , this place was a mess .
0	the bun tasted a little stale too .
0	so service was bad .
0	the burgers and fries are just so-so .
0	fat burger , thanks for being there , but never again .
0	i know stupid me !
0	we all did n't have any of the extras included in our burgers .
0	what a waste !
0	burgers here taste like cardboard .
0	i ca n't imagine how bad it tastes when i 'm sober .
0	welcome to the most ghetto and dangerous place in vegas .
0	alright , fine , fatburger gets a slight upgrade .
0	nasty .
0	this location is a disgrace to fatburger .
0	wo n't be back to this location .
0	worst fatburger ever .
0	a lot of the customers in the restaurant seemed unhappy with their service .
0	i love the fatburger franchise , but this location does it shame .
0	again , stay out of it ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
0	it truly is nothing special and definitely not worth the price !
0	nothing special about it.
0	this is only my second yelp review .
0	the rest did n't sell we 'll .
0	it was _num_ dollars for two dry burgers and fries .
0	while both were good , they really were nothing special .
0	the only thing that was not better was the food !
0	the decor is outdated .
0	this place is a total disaster .
0	this dump really needs to get a handle on its staff .
0	you 've been warned !
0	the fries were the redeeming factor for this meal since they were sooo good !
0	the worst burger i have ever had .
0	an awful dining experience .
0	we could barely understand our what our waitress was saying .
0	wo n't go back .
0	worst experience !
0	fatburger is all hype .
0	worst service ever .
0	very disappointing !
0	what i got was two thin burgers stacked on top of each other .
0	pretty sure i 'm not coming here again .
0	worst customer service .
0	burgers are delicious but the waitresses are horrible !
0	forgetting to add onions or removing pickles etc .
0	the bad , the price is insane .
0	total was $ _num_ .
0	i got the skinny fries and ended up throwing them out .
0	but , then again , when you 're drunk this place is probably heaven .
0	our hamburgers were dry , no flavor or seasoning was used .
0	nothing special .
0	if not that , atleast a polite driver .
0	here is where it all goes down hill .
0	we get picked up by a shuttle bus that can only sit _num_ people .
0	it was not .
0	no one ever offered us an upgrade nor mentioned it .
0	was it worth the $ _num_ + spent ?
0	spoke directly to a live person on the phone .
0	please do n't use this company .
0	this was still more than twice what i was quoted a few days before .
0	whatever .
0	my boyfriend found it pretty boring .
0	i did n't know it took thirty coats to make the candy shell .
0	i would n't go to this place again .
0	warning ... do not watch the 3d movie when you have a massive hangover .
0	i mean c'mon , it m & m 's .
0	not worth it if you ask me and way too pricey .
0	we could barely get around the store without running into someone .
0	i was a little surprised that m & m 's would find this offensive .
0	i would give their customer service _num_ star .
0	fun to walk through , but damn , everything is expensive .
0	save your money and buy m & m 's at the regular store .
0	the 3d movie they said they had was closed .
0	the problem is the candy costs i think $ _num_ a pound .
0	ripoff .
0	this store is not as exciting as it sounds .
0	it is free and no wonder there is no charge for this ordinary show .
0	i broke my foot recently and have to wear a boot .
0	- we were done with our drinks , sitting there with empty glasses .
0	they do n't comp drinks that they should .
0	i completely understand that you 're gon na chit chat when it 's slow .
0	she should stop talking so much when there is customers and actually work .
0	thats wrong !
0	slow but friendly service .
0	damn ... $ _num_ each + tip !
0	but for me , next time ill just play poker and make money .
0	it gets too crowded .
0	interior in drai 's is ... .
0	the _num_ star rating is really a _num_ star rating .
0	it must be the music ... that 's what gets me coming back .
0	for me , coming to drai 's would be like going to the gym .
0	you 're tired , you do n't feel like going .
0	not to mention all the people watching that you 'll enjoy while burning calories .
0	if it were possible there 'd be no star .
0	there is no line , there is no order to how you get in .
0	_num_ minutes later the same bouncer says the line is on the left side .
0	i do n't know how it works here .
0	that 's ridiculous .
0	no thank you .
0	i have been here twice , excited by the reviews of other yelpers .
0	so hubby and friends are waiting on me .
0	before we left , i told him he was very rude .
0	spend my money elsewhere !
0	me and my girlfriend are the only asian girls in line .
0	or you can go if you simply wan na get pissed off .
0	very rude .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	get over yourself its a job not a career .
0	i would never return or recommend this club to anyone !
0	very rude security .
0	hotel security claims they do n't have any control over the club security .
0	having one employee and a supervisor that can not communicate with customers is ridiculous .
0	i ca n't believe how rude the employees are at this location .
0	do not visit this location !
0	not ok !
0	i could have ordered from smiths and it would have been better .
0	not to mention , he had no idea what goes in each blizzard .
0	please see the picture this is ridiculous .
0	quit if you do n't like it .
0	they are blue ... horrible experience .
0	wow , this shave was the opposite of enjoyable .
0	before going to vegas , i checked out all the prices of the salons .
0	yup , total rip off on advertising and real pricing .
0	why would they get rid of the original sign out front ?
0	it was amazing the new sign is ridiculous .
0	spent about $ _num_ in one weekend at guess alone a few months ago .
0	well , apparently guess is not one of those places .
0	horrible !
0	staff is very rude !
0	someone could easily run out with one of the dogs !
0	yeah , the tables are so crowded it 's hard to find a spot .
0	a : no !
0	trust me , twenty bucks goes a long way at this place .
0	q : honestly , this place is just sad .
0	why even bother ?
0	we used to go here all the time for cheap craps .
0	lame .
0	on top of that , most of the dealers were rude assholes .
0	this review is only for the casino , not the hotel .
0	and you 'll still only get $ _num_ .
0	customer service is not something that the casino royale hotel should be known for .
0	no other specials ( fitness room or even breakfast ) available to guests .
0	very small too .
0	totally misleading .
0	for years , this place had been my favorite casino on the strip .
0	$ _num_ crap table during the day ; $ _num_ on the weekend .
0	but on my last trip , the dealers were so slow .
0	_num_ craps table open at 11pm thursday night .
0	the one redeeming factor ?
0	slots are limited and dated .
0	also , was not approached by a waitress at all .
0	they do have a cheap gift shop when you walk in but its small .
0	i used to really like this casino .
0	this is specifically about the casino crap table .
0	not helpful at all .
0	i will not be going back to the royal casino .
0	service is dead there .
0	not a fan .
0	do not go to casino royale in vegas .
0	the slots manager was even worse than the woman at the desk .
0	i did n't even care that i was out twenty bucks .
0	but did they have to be so rude about it ?
0	their job is to keep the casino 's money , i get that .
0	there 's no theme to this place !
0	it 's just kind of an ugly casino .
0	and why ca n't they tell you if you ask ?
0	talk about one step beyond bad service !
0	i repeat do not stay here .
0	i would probably go again just for convenience but would not recommend this restaurant .
0	after the iced tea that we ordered finally arrived , we checked out .
0	just so disappointed in the manager .
0	i would not recommend coming here for a good dining experience .
0	we get our food and my mash potatoes were cold .
0	next i go to eat my pasta and it was very dry .
0	everyone working there seemed like they were new and did n't know a thing .
0	i had the steak , mixed veggies , and mashed potatoes .
0	he was pretty much just chewing a flavored piece of bone and fat .
0	he never even came back .
0	but she really gave _num_ star service !
0	_num_ min .
0	the hostess would n't look at us .
0	we informed the waitress that our orders were wrong .
0	i could not taste them at all if that was true .
0	slow service .
0	food not good .
0	would not recommend coming here .
0	worst steak i have ever had for $ _num_ !
0	two starving kids ordered appetizers and kids meals to come out first .
0	at _num_ minutes cancelled apps .
0	still no kids meals .
0	you 've been warned .
0	the final shot of tea tasted like starbucks black tea with honey .
0	very expensive with no choices .
0	then , that evening , i was delayed in an out of town airport .
0	the gentleman then said , `` we do n't have availability tonight . ''
0	this is n't moroccan food .
0	if i could give them zero stars i would !
0	so disappointed !
0	they came out quickly and were quite tasty .
0	it had been _num_ minutes since the waiter stopped by .
0	we had now been waiting _num_ minutes for the chicken to come .
0	the moral of the story : do n't keep the hummus !
0	disappointing in every respect .
0	trust me , the taste of dishes could not have been more disappointing .
0	another bad idea , gentlemen .
0	but you get used to it , so ok for a change .
0	all in all , we could not have been more disappointed by the restaurant .
0	this was a complete waste of time , money and diet calories .
0	i absolutely will not go back to this place .
0	just wo n't be returning since food and service is too important .
0	# _num_ - beef kabobs , too well done for me .
0	one of the reasons i do n't like pre set menus .
0	the music : too loud for talking !
0	wo n't be going there again .
0	cons : not worth $ _num_ for dinner .
0	do you want someone to spend money once or many times ?
0	and he walks off ... again .
0	the food was not good to me .
0	the main course tasted very bland like i would make at home .
0	tent looks dark and dingy rather than exotic !
0	pretty sad experience all in all .
0	do not use this office .
0	even if the doctor cares , his front line workers dont .
0	this place is horrible .
0	costumer service is ok until you try to return something because its damaged .
0	on top of the rice there was pickled ginger .
0	he then remembered why he had n't been back .
0	we first walked in , not knowing what to expect .
0	the breadsticks were soaked in garlic butter and just tasted awkward .
0	avoid at all costs .
0	do i need this food so i do n't die ?
0	horrible service .
0	poor service .
0	arrogant annoying staff .
0	this was the worst restaurant i have ever been to .
0	so bad we couldnt even get mad .
0	he took me there for my birthday last night and i was underwhelmed .
0	the menu is as old school as menus get .
0	if you 're a young , foodie type , skip this restaurant .
0	bottom line is that this place is just not worth the money .
0	$ _num_ for a sirloin ?
0	$ _num_ for french onion soup ?
0	those eating the salad said it was bland .
0	i got the sirloin ( $ _num_ ) .
0	the value is simply no longer there .
0	starters - complimentary tray of olives , etc ... .
0	replaced it with chicken sicilian for $ _num_ .
0	complimentary dessert platter with fruit and chocolate .
0	the wait staff was attentive .
0	worse yet , water got inside from washing my hands .
0	this place is ridiculous .
0	its a run down bar and the only reason why i was here .
0	stock is n't that great , had four out of five taps empty .
0	they take no pride in anything .
0	do not use these people !
0	skip them !
0	wrong move for someone in customer service .
0	if you need a towing service , look elsewhere .
0	avoid these inconsiderate morons .
0	wrong move for someone in customer service .
0	all about money money money .
0	everything 's broken .
0	no way to get your money back .
0	shame shame shame !
0	i have never ever encountered this kind of poor customer service .
0	the hotel is not worth the money .
0	this place is screaming for some upgrades !
0	sheets good quality , but never changed during _num_ night stay .
0	i will not stay at another mgm property ever again .
0	step right up !
0	what the hell is this ?
0	i found myself ( as well as my bf ) just wandering around unimpressed .
0	had to search out employees to fix machines and get tickets .
0	very disappointed with this place .
0	it seems a quarter of the games are broken but still take your credit .
0	and do n't waste the money .
0	and i 'm vegan ... yeah , this was n't pretty .
0	i would not waste my time on this one again .
0	decor and memorabilia were just okay .
0	it was like spinach dip for people who do n't like spinach .
0	disappointing .
0	this place should not say that they have the best bbq in vegas .
0	first ate here in _num_ .
0	eating here today , we were very disappointed .
0	but not for the food .
0	i made the mistake of ordering chili with my fries .
0	the brisket was dry and tough like strips of leather covered in bbq sauce .
0	however , due to the slow service we will not try this place again .
0	we sit at garden so it is not so loud and crowded .
0	after like 2-3 minutes she came and she of course knows nothing .
0	they were so bad .
0	there ranch was like hidden valley you get from the bottle .
0	you know it 's bad when the eggs have no taste and served cold .
0	it was the worst steak i 've ever been served by a restaurant .
0	gross gross gross .
0	and the vegas strip was packed ( guess vegas is back ) .
0	it taste like a chicken nugget from mcdonalds .
0	they have really bad service .
0	our waiter was n't very welcoming , not even a smile or greeting .
0	i wo n't recommend this place to anyone , not even my worst enemy !
0	i wo n't be back .
0	if it was just based off of the food it would get _num_ stars .
0	the current rating on yelp ( 2-3 stars ) is pretty accurate .
0	the meat is dried out and just is n't that great .
0	sad to have to give this two stars .
0	seriously outdated and food was subpar .
0	sorry , sorry , sorry .
0	i am sorry i wasted my time !
0	rip off - eat somewhere else .
0	this place was packed and i do n't understand why .
0	we have the fajitas , which was cold , and the southern fried chicken .
0	the brisket was undercooked and tough .
0	they try to cover that fact with a ton of bbq sauce .
0	it sucks for the staff there because they were pretty good .
0	we recently went to vegas and had dinner here .
0	bad experience here 1st and last time i 'd visit .
0	hostess did smile or try to make any conversation .
0	i wo n't come here again .
0	_num_ stars because the food is edible .
0	but the service was absolutely horrible .
0	i got halfway through my second one and started feeling sick .
0	the portions were so far off .
0	all in all , worst restaurant experience ever .
0	the decor and ambience is tacky .
0	an employee said it was down for maintenance for a month or so .
0	it was hard as a rock .
0	the wings where hard and dry .
0	do n't go here , they are so rude !
0	food was decent but i probably will not be back .
0	i know what a good chinese breakfast is and this sure is n't it !
0	mid grade hotel ... attempt at mass appeal acceptable .
0	chin chin at new york , new york .
0	way too salty and nasty .
0	highly disappointed !
0	this place should be called salt salt instead !
0	i could n't eat it !
0	hell you can go to circus circus breakfast buffet and get better .
0	silly me to think that a breakfast buffet would serve toast ... silly me .
0	p.s they do n't serve toast !
0	it was edible and thankfully did n't taste stale at least !
0	the chicken fried rice barely had any flavour in it .
0	our table shared some other `` traditional '' chinese dishes and they all sucked .
0	i overheard two separate strangers that chin chin had great chinese food .
0	being in new york new york i expected at least mediocre chinese food .
0	we ate at chin chin this past week with friends .
0	i was starving and was really wanting that chicken !
0	horrible customer service .
0	i would spend you money elsewhere .
0	food is totally tasteless , big portions , atmosphere poor .
0	the sashimi was ok , comparable to grocery store grade .
0	the bf and i ordered the orange beef and singapore noodles .
0	too bad there wo n't be a `` next time '' .
0	the tuna tartar was also disappointing .
0	in the end , you have _num_ very unhappy customers .
0	not impressed , nothing special .
0	very lame .
0	all in all a total disappointment .
0	we will not be back .
0	my dining companions split both the edamame and star wontons for appetizers .
0	the only other thing of note is that my friends ordered three sushi rolls .
0	as i am getting no responses from either chin chin corporate or ny ny .
0	chow fun was bland even thought it looked favorable .
0	teriyaki bowl was terrible .
0	seriously , i do n't think they even realize it 's bad .
0	food taste bland and it is way over priced for what you get .
0	wo n't be coming back here .
0	service workers were cold and appeared to want you in and out .
0	it just comes out a little crunchy and unpleasant in the center .
0	to me , chow mein means fried noodles .
0	ca n't really go wrong .
0	i could n't even cut it with a knife !
0	avoid this place , or just order the kung pao chicken .
0	but at this price , you 'd be better off at panda express .
0	consider chin chin as a step up from p.f .
0	it 's gross !
0	would not recommend .
0	the worst wait staff i have experienced in a long time .
0	i would rate it a _num_ out of _num_ .
0	very little vegetable .
0	the whole meal was marginal at best .
0	skip this place or try their sushi , and go somewhere else .
0	we ordered miso soup and told the waiter it was really salty .
0	no refill of water , coffee or oj !
0	i 'm not sure how to explain it .
0	i would skip this place and find something more appealing .
0	it was not good .
0	poor service !
0	when we finally got our food we were very disappointed .
0	it was definitely a poor man 's pf changs .
0	this place is bad .
0	overall i feel like this place is way overpriced for mediocre food .
0	bad customer service .
0	could not eat it with rice .
0	terrible food .
0	total rip off .
0	but then again this is las vegas .
0	bad idea ... .
0	egg roll was burnt yet not cooked so not sure how that happened .
0	our beans and chicken dishes were covered in salt .
0	i do not recommend this place nor will i ever enter this place again .
0	the spicy tuna was so over the top spicy , we sent it back .
0	i barely finished my pad tai ; it was too intense for my palate .
0	this place was horrible .
0	_num_ for crap !
0	when i think of vegas , i think of good dining .
0	dash ... just the thought of dining , makes me ill .
0	wish the portions were smaller and cheaper .
0	las vegas version , not so much .
0	not in this case .
0	the taste was just way off .
0	pathetic .
0	the wor wonton soup was just ok .
0	took _num_ minutes to get beer .
0	and _num_ minutes for main .
0	none of us were impressed .
0	i 've never had so much sauce in fried rice before .
0	horrible food .
0	our food was cold and extremely salty .
0	honestly you would be better off going to panda express .
0	lost my business for a lifetime .
0	not one aspect of our visit was enough to ever go back .
0	so bad service in my life .
0	, celery , and mushrooms .
0	this was so disappointing .
0	drinks are overpriced , but it 's vegas .
0	you wo n't be disappointed .
0	i think we stayed no more than _num_ minutes .
0	girls get free shots for a reason , they would n't get people otherwise !
0	no cover to enter on the thursday night i visited .
0	there are girls on the bar , but none of them were cute .
0	there are like _num_ guys to _num_ girls ( if that ) .
0	more like freaking horrific absolutely terrible shit !
0	seriously just do n't !
0	but there 's better places to spend your time in vegas .
0	i 've never been to a place this packed .
0	got dragged here by a friend who always wanted to check it out .
0	should of said hell no instead .
0	$ _num_ for a corona , ill pass !
0	it is so stupid .
0	being an expensive silk number , his girlfriend saved it just in time .
0	but i do n't think i 'll give it a third chance .
0	the bar itself is nothing special .
0	it definitely does not look easy .
0	after about an hour or less of hanging out there , we left .
0	the bar was so small and so packed that you could n't move .
0	bad business , i do not recommend .
0	the mc had the most ear piercing voice and even worse singing voice .
0	save your time , save your money , go to diablo cantina .
0	ugh , see yea coyote ugly .
0	i mean , really early .
0	the first thing we did was get some breakfast .
0	everyone was standing around looking at her like she was crazy .
0	i was expecting it to be much better .
0	maybe this is the only place you feel like you could see some skin ?
0	the drinks are somewhat overpriced , and it 's just not any fun .
0	i say skip it and go elsewhere .
0	the place was just not my scene at all .
0	this place is awful .
0	i guess i 'm not the target audience here , but still .
0	lame and overrated .
0	low energy and tacky .
0	however _num_ dollar drafts were advertised and we were charged _num_ dollars .
0	the only good thing about this place is the bar outside .
0	if i could i would give the bar outside _num_ stars i would have .
0	overall : it was lame .
0	you ca n't just have your patrons dance .
0	too bad .
0	without going into further detail , kevin is extremely unprofessional .
0	it was so bad and not a happening place .
0	no thanks !
0	it is an absolute train wreck .
0	like many of the other reviews note , these girls are terrible .
0	so annoying .
0	the worst bar on earth .
0	they should pay you to tolerate this place instead of charging a ridiculous cover .
0	she 's alright at it , nothing special .
0	free cover would n't be worth going to this bar .
0	waste of money .
0	- did n't stay very long .
0	couple hot girls dancing on stage , a sausage fest watching them .
0	the girls were n't that great either .
0	the decor of this place was very poor .
0	shots were about $ _num_ and mixed drinks and beers were about $ _num_ .
0	i 'm not going to this place ever again .
0	poor guy .
0	no seating .
0	little or no fair comparison to the original in ny .
0	so not worth the money to get in .
0	so , i go into coyote ugly expecting the time of my life .
0	and look they only have _num_ 1/2 stars ... .
0	i am a las vegas local and have been to this bar several times .
0	i had _num_ friends in town for someone 's bachelorette weekend .
0	spend your money elsewhere .
0	i wish i had looked at the yelp reviews before visiting this place .
0	too bad _num_ stars is n't an option .
0	what i enjoyed most about this place is the music .
0	the worst ever .
0	worst of vegas .
0	do not accept drinks from strangers !
0	it 's only $ _num_ '' with the rudest condescending attitude !
0	in short this place .
0	unless , of course , she was going to suggest something else .
0	when we walked in , i already had a bad vibe from the hostess .
0	the dcor here has that feel of an upscale ny dinning establishment .
0	i went here on a date and i regret it so bad .
0	what the hell does that mean ?
0	this is a first also , i did not finish my steak .
0	everyone else had similar opinions being average but nothing spectacular .
0	less than zero quality for service and food .
0	sunday evening sometime around 7pm .
0	their meat quality leaves much to be desired .
0	room acoustics are abysmal .
0	tourists of all ages wearing shorts and t shirts .
0	the bread was very stale .
0	the filet was bland and tough .
0	wine = _num_ star for a terrible wine list .
0	avoid this place .
0	we ordered the _num_ cheese mac and cheese and broccoli au gratin .
0	the food was good , but nothing special .
0	for the price , it should have been much better .
0	the staff gets _num_ stars .
0	the lobster tail was a little over cooked .
0	if you know the difference , you 'll probably want to go elsewhere .
0	the mac and cheese side dish was bland as hell .
0	- several dishes were cold when we finally got them ( i.e .
0	for the price we paid we should 've gone elsewhere .
0	ate there before steak and lobster dinner special , but this time was awful .
0	never ever going back , and definitely would not recommend the place after this .
0	as far as price is concerned i do n't feel it was overly expensive .
0	extremely slow .
0	the price really sets you up for disappointment .
0	unfortunately , it was all but great .
0	there is no reason that food at a steakhouse should come out cold .
0	no no no .
0	avoid this place it 's just well located otherwise food sucks !
0	either way we will probably stick to having steaks at home .
0	steak snob alert !
0	so , i order the dry aged new york which came out overcooked .
0	guess what guys , no soda in a properly made old fashion .
0	food is ok , very pricey and the hostess was snobby .
0	this is really about a new years eve experience , and lack of organization .
0	i was so worried i was going to get ill after eating it .
0	$ _num_ wasted .
0	now for the reason we wo n't go back .
0	have n't left my room since , if you catch my drift .
0	it tasted so-so .
0	my steak was entirely unimpressive other than being slightly larger than i expected .
0	my girlfriend 's cowboy ribeye was poorly prepared .
0	ultimately , i walked away very disappointed .
0	last but not least , me and the boyfriend became severely sick .
0	_num_ minutes later .
0	overall fail from this place .
0	can i make this _num_ stars ?
0	not good .
0	the food was terrible .
0	the sprouts were firm and very smokey .
0	it then took another _num_ mins to get our food .
0	the shrimp cocktail , brussel sprouts and steak fries were all good .
0	the blackened shrimp appetizer was exceptional but the steak was lacking .
0	it was ok but definitely not worth the price .
0	wo n't be coming back or recommending .
0	i 'm just a little late is finishing my review .
0	our waiter was attentive without being annoying .
0	had the aged ny strip - tasteless and tough .
0	not what was expected for the price and mediocre at best .
0	disappointed !
0	we ate here for christmas dinner while staying at the new york new york .
0	i had a better steak at dick 's last resort then i did here .
0	needles to say we did n't eat there again .
0	i would highly suggest buying your own steaks and cooking them !
0	my friend ordered filet mignon , and there was no bone .
0	will not be returning .
0	this place was a disappointment .
0	* the `` salsa '' trio - guacamole , queso , and sour cream .
0	* combo - chili rellenos , chicken tamale , barbacoa burrito .
0	everything else was terrible .
0	it looked bad and tasted bad .
0	no bullshit .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ of us .
0	service- _num_ star .
0	it 's even cheaper at red rocks than here .
0	the ones we ordered were a huge pile with lots of toppings thrown around .
0	finally our server gave us one more refill .
0	not good `` mexican '' food at all .
0	i hate that place . '
0	our waiter had a mad case of staring .
0	that is so wrong .
0	i can get a better steak salad at el pollo loco .
0	the chips were so salty i might as well eat salt chips .
0	there was flavor , but mostly of onion .
0	mediocre food , at most .
0	my friend got the enchiladas , which she said were nothing short of mediocre .
0	the only good thing about this place were the chips and salsa .
0	do n't eat here !
0	super annoying and the dj sucked .
0	probably wo n't be back .
0	they charge u for everything including salsa and for chips also .
0	fish tacos were not tasty at all .
0	the wife and i were trying to find good mexican food in vegas .
0	all of it was way over cooked .
0	you can make your own decision but , i wo n't be back .
0	if i ever return i would go elsewhere .
0	we chose the outdoor seating so we could people watch while we ate .
0	it was very very difficult to communicate with the waitress .
0	fajitas were better , but strip priced too .
0	service was poor .
0	_num_ stars only because the meat was tender .
0	no salsa on nachos ?
0	ugh .
0	the service also seemed impersonal .
0	although slightly better than taco bell , there was nothing special about this place .
0	does n't matter , because i ai n't coming back .
0	the only good part of the meal was the hostess .
0	eating here basically ruined the last day and a half of our vacation .
0	i do not recommend eating here .
0	drinks used to be a lot better .
0	for the quality of the food the whole menu is horribly overpriced .
0	i ate the chicken and steak fajitas .
0	very mediocre and pricey ( just like vegas !
0	honestly one of the worst mexican food i have ever tasted .
0	one of the worst margaritas i could n't finish .
0	we were not offered refills on our drinks .
0	service is not good , i had diarrhea after eating chicken fajita burrito today .
0	should not have to get sick in vegas after eating at expensive restaurant .
0	i wo n't be heading back .
0	waited for _num_ minutes was not served despite several attempts .
0	restaurant was fairly empty .
0	save yourself some time and head elsewhere .
0	this was our default restaurant every time we visit vegas until last time .
0	this is a large tourist trap , i mean souvenir shop .
0	do n't bother coming here .
0	i know they are on the strip selling junk to tourists but seriously folks .
0	most of the stuff is tacky and low quality .
0	absolutely the worst experience in chanel i 've ever had .
0	the brand itself is hands down _num_ starts , but this boutique ?
0	i will never give that store my business after that experience .
0	shows the character of the girl in charge of make-up at chanel at wynn .
0	sales people were rude and did n't even try to help me .
0	what horrible stuck up sales people .
0	this store had every associate acting like they had someplace better to go .
0	she 's very unfriendly , uninterested and unhappy .
0	no clothes here yet , no need to go in !
0	this one freaking sucks .
0	my husband was _num_ minutes late to an appointment with the nurse .
0	refused !
0	so travelers , whatever ever happen in vegas , stay in hotel lobby .
0	the wifi is very slow and frustrating .
0	the pool is not heated .
0	it 's extremely hard ( or firm if you prefer ) .
0	i was able to sleep on it but it was much too hard .
0	the carpets are old and it just feels a bit run down .
0	after check-in it just seemed to go downhill .
0	the beds were not that comfortable , decent at best .
0	not very friendly at all .
0	do not stay here .
0	they have no hot water .
0	they had this issue _num_ years ago when i stayed here .
0	this was most probably the worst dining experience that i have ever had .
0	the food itself was mediocre and expensive .
0	but do n't go here .
0	horrible service and way too expensive .
0	food was whatever and service was horrible .
0	he did not even replace it or discount it at all .
0	i will not go back because it was not worth the money at all .
0	service is very slow and poor .
0	not even close .
0	the creamed spinach was too creamy and somewhat bland .
0	i have found the steaks to be way too salty and buttery .
0	in addition , they are a little dry for my taste .
0	everything else ( from salads , sides , desserts ) are mediocre at best .
0	ruined our valentine plans .
0	walked out ... .
0	lots better in las vegas .
0	that is where any positives end .
0	i find that absurd .
0	when you walked back inside , it felt like opening an oven door .
0	i ate here for breakfast with my fiancee , and we highly regret it .
0	the service is slow and the waiters are very , very rude .
0	this is unacceptable , especially at the mirage .
0	i think this may be the worst hotel cafe in vegas .
0	horrible .
0	no wonder this damn place was empty .
0	our bill was about $ _num_ for the two of us .
0	this place totally sucks .
0	the mirage should be embarrassed to even have this place in the hotel .
0	the dessert was n't much better .
0	it was served with a pink sauce .
0	very annoying .
0	very annoying !
0	it is the biggest rip off in vegas .
0	it made the exterior of fish taste very dry .
0	only one star only because i could n't give it less .
0	the gnocchi were warmed up and not fresh at all .
0	there are better places to spend your time and money .
0	cold & dry .
0	cold & dry .
0	we barely had half a piece and pushed it to the side .
0	calamari was average , octopus was decent .
0	thick chunks of cold chicken in tomato sauce !
0	me & my friend had already finished our courses .
0	dining here was an educational experience .
0	save your money for the tables .
0	the lobster tail was overcooked !
0	it was a $ _num_ entre so i was expecting to be wowed .
0	i was not wowed at all .
0	service : i believe half of the restaurant was staffed by one waitress .
0	we could n't get refills on our sodas at all .
0	i still tipped _num_ % , but was n't happy about it , ha .
0	let me just first say this place is pricey .
0	the waiter was slow and really did n't give us much attention .
0	check was brought over ... but he never came back to run the card !
0	it 's not vibrant , but a tired restaurant .
0	now by tired i do n't mean lame .
0	it 's just old school food with old school enthusiasm .
0	the menu would change a little , the quality would shoot through the roof .
0	crazy expensive for ok food , bad location , and horrid service .
0	we had a horrible experience .
0	prime rib - flavorless .
0	save your money , go to stack , or the buffet at cravings .
0	then came back to tell me , they were out of that anyways .
0	after adding some salt it was better but not a great preparation .
0	above average strippers , _num_ out of _num_ will be _num_ 's or better .
0	went there on a friday night and this place was a disaster .
0	there were only a handful of girls there and really only two attractive ones .
0	and by vip , i mean too chunky to be on stage .
0	it really is a sampling of faux regional type chinese like dishes .
0	both times the dishes came out very bland .
0	first night the waitress had no social skills .
0	i 'm extremely unhappy and we will never come back to this location .
0	not spicy at all .
0	totally different than other restaurants ... waste of money .
0	poor service from the management and incorrect food .
0	bad experience .
0	waited in line to see how long a wait would be for three people .
0	so disappointed !
0	walked in before noon time today by myself , the place was empty .
0	worst place to sit in the house !
0	my vibe was going down south from that point .
0	i was n't impressed with the meal , it was a cold creamy dish .
0	i was unhappy with the service .
0	horrible from start to finish .
0	the rice was mediocre at best .
0	i was so disappointed : ( never coming back to this location .
0	this is not sichuan dan dan noodle .
0	service is very slow and it was a slow lunch day .
0	_num_ bartenders , and _num_ servers .
0	there were no other tables available for a party of _num_ .
0	hot and sour soup is average .
0	garbage .
0	no comfortable place to wait .
0	how can those be bad !
0	typical chinese chain restaurant food .
0	one thing i do enjoy is the chicken lettuce wraps .
0	not fresh tasting as when they opened .
0	i ordered the lettuce wraps and the filling lacked texture and was mushy .
0	do n't have any desire to go back .
0	really gross .
0	it is not worth the savings .
0	my gf could n't even breath in .
0	so that was the biggest upgrade .
0	the whole stay was just so annoying .
0	forget the price its not worth it .
0	worse place ever !
0	strike _num_ ... your out !
0	i 've stayed here twice and had `` meh '' experiences both times .
0	if you know how to use yelp , you can also use google maps .
0	check in is very late ( at _num_ ) but we did n't care .
0	there was never any information telling us that we needed to supply this .
0	the customer service sucks times _num_ .
0	unable to cancel or they 'll keep my first night pay .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	the room was absolutely disgusting .
0	the room was horrendous , even my dog hated it .
0	unless you really do n't care about decent quality .
0	i called again , she said she would send them `` today . ''
0	after _num_ weeks , _num_ calls , and _num_ emails , they finally responded .
0	room has a nasty smell as soon as you open the door .
0	it comes on but never gets to even a comfortable temp .
0	check in at _num_ pm ?
0	the hotel was empty when i checked in on thursday .
0	what 's the point of a gate with no lock ?
0	i suggest you do n't stay here.
0	this place sucks do n't let the name trick you .
0	do n't expect much ... this is a low end hotel .
0	the room was small , which was fine until we saw the bedroom .
0	lastly , i do not think the floors were vacuumed .
0	the attitude of each staff member we spoke with was awful !
0	wifi did n't work - we were in room # _num_ .
0	it 's not really on the strip .
0	too greasy and bland for my tastes !
0	they are bad news !
0	in conclusion , i had to pay for the _num_ days car rentals .
0	wo n't be coming here ever again .
0	when i showed mac the chip he tried to brush it off .
0	incredibly disappointed .
0	i get another bill for about $ _num_ .
0	just like most auto body places .
0	_num_ days later , when i went to pick up my car .
0	the hood will not line up .
0	they even lost my hood support .
0	no apology or even acknowledgement was given .
0	it is that bad of a car to begin with .
0	if i ever stop here again i 'll ask for hotter salsa .
0	fourth try : chocolate glazed and my second negative experience .
0	umm ... do n't know what the deal with this place is .
0	it was _num_ am so i assumed they were doughnuts from yesterday .
0	disappointing .
0	no thanks .
0	i walked in with a headache , which usually means i need to eat .
0	not so .
0	there was only one server handling the small selection of meats .
0	i could not finish what was on my plate because it was just horrible .
0	as always i should have listened to you yelpers .
0	( not to mention _num_ stars ) .
0	this is because it is the most expensive thing on the menu .
0	no impressed , very old , dingy places .
0	next disappointment was the slow service .
0	why could he have not helped out is beyond me .
0	that 's good , right ?
0	it was terrible .
0	a waste of money considering i left hungry .
0	the restaurant looks old , a little dirty , but smells delicious .
0	the rice was very , very bad .
0	_num_ minutes pass by and finally the waiter comes to bring us water .
0	so that 's _num_ min to get some fucking water .
0	it tasted really fishy .
0	next , the salad comes out and the dressing tasted so nasty .
0	none and i mean none have ever been as horrible as this place .
0	an awful experience to say the least !
0	then only a few of us received our drinks .
0	buy one get one is a waste of your money .
0	nice people but they are not serving fresh food .
0	no way to give no stars .
0	the good is ok and the service is horrible .
0	when we ask them question they just walk away .
0	wish i could put _num_ stars .
0	avoid this place if you can !
0	tasteless steamed vegetables .
0	it was not worth the price .
0	why would the waiter double the shots without asking , especially at that price ?
0	sat there for _num_ hours .
0	the staff was entirely confused .
0	do n't make the mistake get pizza you will be better off .
0	bad bad bad service ... .
0	walking away very unhappy !
0	i guess that 's where we went wrong .
0	went pretty slow , took over hour and a half .
0	the second floor hallway stinks .
0	the place is under much needed renovation .
0	had the worst time here .
0	first off there is no continental breakfast as it had back in the day .
0	after having our room cleaned we were not left new clean towels .
0	you ca n't breathe when you walk down the halls .
0	the internet connection is included , but very poor .
0	that late at night and no reservations , one ca n't be picky .
0	i stayed here _num_ weekends ago .
0	fuck this place .
0	a/c worked well and tv had a lot of channels to choose from .
0	this is more like the section _num_ motel .
0	i would give this place negative _num_ stars if i could .
0	there are homeless people outside digging in garbage can .
0	rooms in this establishment really drive that point home .
0	i recommend that no one says at this hotel .
0	had an incident with someone coming in our room @ _num_ in the morning .
0	staff did n't nothing about it .
0	the worst experience ever .
0	the `` continental breakfast '' was pitiful .
0	i wo n't be going back to the super _num_ .
0	not so clean !
0	the worst wifi connection .
0	the worst places i ever stayed !
0	the bed was hard and uncomfortable .
0	i called reception twice and no one answered the phone .
0	they charged me taxes twice and they could n't even explain why .
0	too .
0	too .
0	lots of clients trying to get to airport and one clerk working .
0	ca n't get smell out of my thoughts .
0	but i did find was a room in which the air conditioning work great !
0	the shower walls were old and it looked like the paint was peeling everywhere .
0	and again , the air conditioning blow very cool .
0	i 'm tired .
0	once for _num_ , to my boyfriend who was going to meet me .
0	one actually left and cancelled to go sleep at the airport !
0	a total rip off .
0	no eggs .
0	you could find your room number again .
0	the had either apples or oranges and a pastry a cheap cinnamon roll .
0	what a terrible choice we made going with this one .
0	then another _num_ minutes or so for all the other entrees to come out .
0	my steamed clams were super salty .
0	the hubby ordered a mediterranean salad with grilled salmon .
0	my friend 's shrimp scampi were so overcooked they were like rubber .
0	the waiter never came around to apologize nor explain the long wait .
0	i ordered a _num_ oz .
0	no apologies again .
0	i still did not understand the concept on why we were there too long .
0	skip it by all means .
0	worst .
0	why did it take _num_ min ?
0	this review is long overdue .
0	me and my partner went for dinner the week before christmas .
0	he says they were among the worst he 's had .
0	bland .
0	the side vegetables were overcooked and bland .
0	dinner for two ( no drinks ) was around $ _num_ .
0	but this is vegas , with literally unlimited dining choices .
0	i recommend trying another restaurant in this mall !
0	our worst meal of the weekend .
0	my blueberry pancakes were n't even real pancakes .
0	nobody else there deserves a star .
0	avoid at all costs .
0	horrible service and horrible food .
0	not good , not horrible , does the job for breakfast .
0	ordered eggs benedict , and was n't that best .
0	felt like it was an amateur cook making the eggs benedict .
0	disappointment .
0	i also added a side of _num_ sausage links .
0	not acceptable .
0	first impressions last a lifetime so i will never be back .
0	$ _num_ for a bowl of soup .
0	they have $ _num_ mimosas and bloody mart all day .
0	i did not like the lobster bisque , it was too salty .
0	we walked by oyster bay and decided to try it out .
0	there was no bugs in there food .
0	bland sauces .
0	mediocre service .
0	breakfast at denny 's would be an improvement .
0	i 've had $ _num_ steak before that was much better .
0	i guess that 's what you get for it being $ _num_ .
0	the pancakes were just pancakes .
0	the wine list was insulting .
0	if you are looking for a nice wine list , try denny 's instead .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	two thumbs down .
0	but i 'm your customer , not the hilton 's .
0	but _num_ shrimp .
0	this is quite sad since this was our favorite seafood place in vegas .
0	not squid .
0	the employees do n't care ... you have to pay !
0	their shrimp linguine special is plain and disgusting .
0	yikes , the food here was terrible .
0	if your looking for great italian food , this is not it .
0	food is just so so , and expensive .
0	over priced and just paying for ambiance .
0	if your into ambiance , then go for it .
0	wife ordered pasta with mussels , and the mussels were small and not fresh .
0	good service and bad food is nothing to bring me back .
0	both of us ordered eggs benedict and a bloody mary .
0	with so many choices for breakfast , just go somewhere else .
0	awkward .
0	the service was the worst .
0	food was not even good .
0	i could barley keep it down after i left .
0	the server was short and borderline rude .
0	steak is not hard to be amazing .
0	the steak was fine but as i said not amazing .
0	i ordered the filet mignon and it was not impressive at all .
0	the shrimp were ok , but the crab legs were horrible .
0	having learned our lesson , we did n't opt for dessert .
0	the steak itself was nothing i would brag about .
0	that 's really not acceptable at a high end steakhouse .
0	_num_ of _num_ stars .
0	_num_ ) at $ _num_ for a filet , you expect something really good .
0	no more .
0	not this time .
0	the only redeeming part of the meal was the salad .
0	i strongly suspect that most yelp reviews on the steakhouse are not legitimate .
0	if you are wondering what select grade meat tastes like go here .
0	i feel the steak was mediocre .
0	the food is bland at best , use some seasoning ... .
0	the oysters were tiny and my steak was bland .
0	save your money , you can do better .
0	everything else was poorly prepared , rather like diner food .
0	if you are not all ordering steak , skip it !
0	do n't put bacon in everything , many people can not eat .
0	dried out and no flavor !
0	this must have been a very awkward situation for their waiter .
0	steak was hard to chew without taste .
0	i was going to ask for ketchup for my steak to make a point .
0	i do not recommend this steak house .
0	not even close to prime quality .
0	the waiter said sure and returned with steak sauce and hot sauce bottles .
0	i prefer to just not come back , and avoid making a fuss .
0	in the meantime , i would avoid at all cost .
0	not worth the trip .
0	it was severely over cooked it was crunchy and though to eat .
0	i assumed mgm had it and it would be good .
0	the cheapest sandwich starts at $ _num_ .
0	i was standing there and he totally ignored me .
0	these owners hire people who do not want to work here .
0	unfortunately these guys are not honest business people .
0	very low miles and _num_ years left on the extended warranty .
0	plain and simple .
0	terrible experience !
0	terrible place.
0	a site that stands apart with reviews you can trust ... .
0	it all goes downhill from here .
0	the thing came out with hardly any pink at all .
0	totally overcooked .
0	it must have really been bad because he usually loves ribeye .
0	sides are incredibly mediocre .
0	i noticed the _num_ star reviews are mainly from out of towners .
0	hardly any locals who know better .
0	do n't let del frisco 's happen to you .
0	del frisco is not the best steak restaurant in las vegas .
0	the word `` tired '' comes to mind .
0	this was by far the most disappointing meal of the trip .
0	my date sent her filet back because it was a long way from medium .
0	you could see the kosher salt crystals on the outside of the steak .
0	very difficult to find a good deal on the wines .
0	horrible !
0	it has a old school las vegas feel off the strip .
0	the rib-eye was ok and the sides were boring and bland .
0	i 'm not sure why everyone raves about this steakhouse .
0	our server was great but the food can only be described as mediocre .
0	only the second time in my life i 've been refused corkage .
0	very disappointing meal .
0	i lost my appetite .
0	do not waste your time here .
0	place is so overrated .
0	over price , i cook better steaks than this place .
0	however , we were not that impressed with the steaks .
0	the only high point of the meal was the lobster mac and cheese .
0	the shrimp cocktail tasted stale as if it sat in the fridge all day .
0	the mixed drinks were weak .
0	i am local and have eaten here before , probably _num_ 1/2 years ago .
0	could it have been just a bad experience on this particular visit ?
0	and in vegas folks , there is no lack of excellent steakhouses .
0	furthermore , the steak was $ _num_ .
0	mediocre food .
0	will not be going back .
0	when i complained , they tried to convince me that it was cooked properly .
0	the lobster mac and cheese could use a little more lobster .
0	i was starving after a long flight .
0	i was wrong .
0	the service is always slow the food is never cooked right .
0	the only thing we enjoyed here was the lemon cake .
0	super disappointed with my experience tonight .
0	big surprise no one has contacted me to follow up .
0	overrated .
0	there is no excuse for , this type of treatment .
0	needless to say , we wo n't be back .
0	it 's a noisy place that they squeeze too many customers in bar area .
0	the shrimp looks huge , but taste really hard .
0	this is my first time having oyster but no water in each shell !
0	the lobster mac and cheese was watery , lacking in both flavour and lobster .
0	tv in the dining room in the steakhouse ?
0	eh , it really was n't all that good .
0	the manager asks what 's wrong .
0	because none of what i ate feels good in my stomach .
0	at least then my nails would be done .
0	but the rest , is upsetting when think anymore about it .
0	service was slow and arrogant .
0	an absolute joke .
0	the bar area smelled like mold and mildew .
0	sadly so excited to come here but so so disappointed !
0	here at las vegas location too much black pepper on everything !
0	sorry we are at a private business with _num_ persons and a hefty tab .
0	cheesy .
0	she had been there several times before - all good experiences .
0	_num_ minutes later , our wine arrived .
0	( though i will be back for the lobster club at lunch .
0	i love al dente but this was sticking to my teeth .
0	the service was nice but so fucking lazy .
0	i will not be visiting this place again .
0	the service was terrible .
0	but this is vegas .
0	friendly waiter , but not enough to save the whole restaurant .
0	servers , almost the same attitude .
0	i 'm not kidding , that 's what she said .
0	another disappointment was the service .
0	i 'd never go back to this place b/c of that waitress .
0	i was quiet disappointed .
0	i guess i should have checked yelp first .
0	needless to say , i 'm never coming back here .
0	the dining room was only half full on a sunday evening .
0	i 'm sorry that such dishonest people work at your restaurant wolfgang = ( .
0	for the price of $ _num_ though ?
0	roasted chicken with bbq sauce pizza : bf did not like this at all .
0	sauce was lacking and chicken was dry .
0	honestly , the flavor just tasted off to me .
0	veggies ( brussel sprouts ) were pretty good .
0	overall , for the price we are paying , i expected more .
0	really extremely slow bad service .
0	i thought i 'd get pizza with no cheese .
0	that 's odd , but whatever .
0	so i get the chopped vegetable salad with the one dressing they can offer .
0	they messed up our order on more then one occasion .
0	two stars because though the food was n't terrible , neither was it amazing .
0	our daughter by this time was almost asleep at the table .
0	sadly , it was over-cooked and rubbery .
0	the bun was stale and dry ... really dry and stale .
0	so we walked out and took our business to another restaurant .
0	long review : we ordered the calamari and a margarita pizza with goat cheese .
0	this was a huge disappointment .
0	the cheese ravioli was soooo salty .
0	service is slow and food is not properly cooked .
0	by far , the worst service i have experienced ever .
0	the donut was empty .
0	the chocolate cream filled was hardly `` filled '' .
0	a couple apple fritters and some donut holes .
0	this location does not exist .
0	terrible service .
0	first of all this place should be called motel and not hotel .
0	well the place is pet friendly so that could explain the smell .
0	counters in the lobby and bar area are dirty and sticky .
0	the longer we stayed the more they lost our rating !
0	place kind of feels like death .
0	i was here for a conference , so they provided box lunches .
0	this really sucked big time .
0	but i got ripped off that night .
0	but it gets worse .
0	the $ _num_ suites were great .
0	not the alarm you want when you got in at 4am from the bar .
0	if i could give _num_ stars ... i would .
0	too many other reasonably priced options .
0	motel _num_ is cheaper and the rooms are basically the same .
0	cheap !
0	hotel staff was the worst .
0	i wish yelp had _num_ stars because that 's all this place deserves .
0	everything in the room seemed dirty and stained .
0	it was just disgusting and horrible .
0	the hotel actually looks like an old apartment complex .
0	banquet facilities horrible and unorganized .
0	gross .
0	however , i would not stay here again .
0	the vegas strip has spoiled me too much .
0	filthy !
0	even as a time share , this place is terrible .
0	rat hole !
0	windows did not work at all .
0	very depressing indeed .
0	this place is awful .
0	all of my stuff got wet and some of it was damaged .
0	do not do it !
0	they did absolutely nothing .
0	the whole facility does not have any queen beds so keep that in mind .
0	i would n't recommend it if you have kids .
0	this is an old place , despite the recent renovations .
0	and the guests that are here during our stay seem friendly too .
0	all over the kitchen counter and traveling behind the mini fridge .
0	unfortunately did n't get to see the pool or anything else .
0	a plus we could n't hear the planes .
0	this place was cheap , but too cheap .
0	not in the `` it 's a bargain '' kinda way .
0	i did not get my full refund back and they acted like nothing happened .
0	i would absolutely not book a room here again .
0	i finally got what i was expecting but first impression was horrible .
0	do not stay here .
0	hair in the sink and a used towel .
0	oh but wait ... it would n't take his money .
0	look , i could n't make this up if i tried .
0	hands down , the worst place ever !
0	i 'm sorry i booked here .
0	by far one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed at .
0	however , the hotel is severely understaffed .
0	want to get some work done at the luxurious bedside desk ?
0	they also put me in the very last building on the property .
0	i would never stay here again .
0	long story short , the system was down for my entire stay .
0	i have stayed at the alexis twice before this last attempted reservation .
0	the bathroom tub was a mess however .
0	this place sucks .
0	no free internet ( _num_ $ per device for _num_ hours ) .
0	this hotel is beyond horrible .
0	the list of what 's wrong with this hotel goes on and on .
0	now skip to the good part !
0	( strike _num_ , you 're out !
0	do not waste your money on this hotel .
0	to my gay brothers and sisters ... ... do not lower your standards .
0	it was disgusting all around .
0	yeah right , $ _num_ for this shit hole .
0	because no one would ever come .
0	ever .
0	would not sit on it .
0	i should have kept my original reservation at another hotel .
0	she never called me back and seems to have avoided me .
0	the third pool was disgusting !
0	and is easily _num_ times nicer than this dump .
0	very old everything not very appealing .
0	this was not our experience .
0	resorts before and this place does not make the cut .
0	other than that , everything else about this place is terrible .
0	surely is a stretch !
0	absolutely no compensation .
0	in the morning i woke up to _num_ in welcomed guest in our room .
0	so of course they has not cleaned the room before us .
0	worst hotel experience ever !
0	first of all , they had errors with saving reservations made on groupon .
0	second , the guy checking us in was so rude .
0	las vegas is in the desert and it is hot .
0	this is n't the first time i 've been here .
0	the employees here have no pride in their place of business .
0	i do n't even know where to start .
0	highly do not recommend .
0	the housekeeping is the worst as well .
0	in a word ... eh lol .
0	do n't think we 'll be back here .
0	sucked because that 's what i was most looking forward too .
0	horrible service .
0	sue ?
0	not worth it .
0	i would have rather paid _num_ for _num_ nights and stayed someplace else .
0	could have saved me a lot of stress over the past _num_ days !
0	i made the mistake of buying a groupon for this place .
0	this place might have been a diamond in the rough in the _num_ 's .
0	it 's an obvious problem !
0	this is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in .
0	nobody knew who is in charge and the front office staff was unprofessional .
0	most rude .
0	so annoying .
0	just a block away from hard rock cafe casino .
0	i was checking and checking on my car the hole night .
0	this is horrible also btw !
0	overall if your on a very low low budget stay here i guess .
0	bathroom smelled like sewage .
0	the worst hotel ever !
0	was suppose to stay _num_ nights , checked out after _num_ hours .
0	i walk around without shoes on the carpet and my feet turn black .
0	she never return my call .
0	i do n't want any of my clients to go through something like this .
0	i would never stay here again mainly because how rude i was treated .
0	this place is old & in some areas in poor condition .
0	third room was ok .
0	the rooms are ok but the water in the bath is weird .
0	ok so i bought _num_ nights in groupon for this place .
0	restaurant is closed most days due to `` lack of business '' .
0	awful awful experience !
0	there are too many hotel options in vegas to go through the headache !
0	remember the last hotel scene in no country for old men ?
0	rooms are outdated and very dirty .
0	no water pressure in bathroom .
0	gross .
0	no lighting between buildings .
0	wish i could give _num_ stars .
0	do n't walk -- run away !
0	horrible staff - horrible place .
0	and there 's no security !
0	i do n't even know where to begin .
0	not the worst dive but the biggest .
0	nothing so horrible that you 'd storm out .
0	the room i stayed in wasnt bad , it was a spacious suite .
0	not a good place to stay .
0	the staff is n't allowed to let me see my room past 9pm .
0	poorly lit grounds , room quite disgusting .
0	did not feel clean .
0	second room was disgusting .
0	they had billed my account , but then proceeded to give away the room .
0	the experience from the very beginning was bad .
0	could not sleep .
0	we did not sleep that night dealing with the situation .
0	she never returned any phone calls for the messages left .
0	she advised to call the gm instead .
0	property does not look at all like the pictures on the website or groupon .
0	this place let a possible renovation go down the drain .
0	this place sucks .
0	the decor is very dated .
0	cars are frequently broken into !
0	do not stay here .
0	first room had no running water in the bathroom sink .
0	i 'm not sure how that gets overlooked .
0	wo n't be staying here again .
0	this place is horrible .
0	do not stay here .
0	i tried to find them and they could not locate them .
0	lastly , this place is filthy .
0	after getting back up to her , she still could not find the reservation !
0	this place is a complete ripoff .
0	i had no hot water for _num_ days .
0	do not stay here .
0	rude receptionist .
0	it was n't very clean .
0	i waited for _num_ minutes and no one ever came .
0	i spend _num_ hours trying to finally get into a clean room .
0	stay far away , or just stay at the hard rock !
0	do not stay here it 's horrible here are my reasons as to why !
0	after check it will take you about _num_ minutes to walk to your room .
0	once you get to your room it looks dirty and outdated .
0	the beds are hard and they do n't proved much blankets .
0	horrible horrible horrible !
0	i wish i was able to give them negative stars .
0	they show no care when it comes to offering hospitality to their guest !
0	the sink in the room was dirty and there was no water pressure .
0	it was a last minute booking and we 'd probably not stay here again .
0	staff is rude .
0	never had problems until now .
0	a year ago we paid for an event , did n't use , rescheduled .
0	horrible !
0	could n't find my payment .
0	then tag on service charge n tax .
0	well we had to pay additional $ _num_ to have n ball room .
0	even on a budget i will stay away next time .
0	disappointing because the lobby looks very nice .
0	garbage on floor , bug crawling on wall .
0	you can feel the room shake every time a plane takes off .
0	lastly , the alley are very dimly lit .
0	there is no way you would even step foot in the bathtub .
0	you do not feel safe .
0	i would n't even stay here for free .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
0	completely run down .
0	rooms - disgusting , never cleaned .
0	every person that works there is incompetent .
0	stayed in room _num_ they walk by you without a good morning or evening .
0	not a comfortable thing to sleep on .
0	once we got to our room , it was outdated but seemed decent enough .
0	so the constant planes taking off was not fun .
0	the lobby was nice but was not connected to the rooms .
0	unfortunately , there are more bad things about this resort than good .
0	the resort is in need of a major renovations and just daily maintenance .
0	terrible .
0	however , on this stay rude .
0	biggest mistake to book a room here !
0	between the hotel and the reservation site no one knows .
0	no where is that mentioned or was it mentioned when i asked .
0	next up my friend goes to check in .
0	beyond disappointed with that .
0	but after the first night the experience changed to pain .
0	the room larger but it was n't impressive .
0	long story short , there are _num_ major issues cleanliness and customer service .
0	the carpet was not vacuumed .
0	the furniture was not only outdated , but old , dirty and torn .
0	after seeing the first room , obviously we did not order food .
0	i wish i could give zero stars !
0	manager richard is beyond rude .
0	they all mentioned the same thing .
0	my thinking is either _num_ or _num_ .
0	the next time i am in vegas i will skip this one .
0	i would be giving this place a _num_ but they really really irritated me .
0	now the third time i go in there , they were down right rude .
0	me and my friends went here reading all the nice yelp reviews .
0	she , could barely eat two pieces of it .
0	we did not require our reservation as the dining room was empty .
0	food is pretty good but service is not good at all .
0	my indian coworker recommended mint - i guess i 'll try that one next .
0	the chicken is less smoky and had less tandoori seasoning than other places .
0	bad service .
0	and obviously , i do n't want to be scammed .
0	so , i would never go back .
0	however , what was very disappointing was the portion size of the dishes .
0	no future visits here .
0	they do n't have too many parking spots .
0	skip this one if you can .
0	the last three times they cancelled my order .
0	not ordering from them again .
0	thinking diamond in the rough ?
0	plus the onions & such were not cooked all the way .
0	they do n't honor yelp deals .
0	the management at this place has no regard for it 's patrons whatsoever .
0	either way service being shitty , not the only place .
0	nowhere do they inform you of the new prices until u get the bill !
0	glasses smelled similar to foul meat which means not cleaned thoroughly .
0	but the attitude not so good .
0	so you have a $ _num_ for $ _num_ deal at yelp .
0	sorry to say this is not a restaurant i would return to .
0	false advertising .
0	i 've eaten here twice .
0	i wo n't be going back again .
0	and it was during the lunch buffet so we could n't use the voucher .
0	he came back really rude and said mean words while we had our food .
0	i was really offended .
0	do you think i 'm that stupid ?
0	we had visited the place during 4th july weekend .
0	the lunch buffet did n't really have enough options if you were a vegetarian .
0	if you want friendly staff this is n't the spot .
0	terrible place.
0	they charge for a buffet which hardly has variety .
0	waste of money .
0	on top of it the food tastes bad .
0	though charged _num_ _num_ year olds full price for the buffet .
0	very bad food .
0	not of good quality .
0	very disappointing .
0	regards , goat curry with spinach .
0	you will leave frustrated .
0	no rice or naan was served with any of the above dish .
0	will never go there or recommend anyone .
0	how rude .
0	very disappointed .
0	i had the worst service today at the resturant .
0	given all these facts i will never set foot in that resturant again .
0	even if the food is good , that doesnt explain the bad customer service .
0	they are shady , flakey and extremely rude !
0	food is good but very bad service .
0	oh and the garlic was neither garlicky nor buttery but it sure was burnt .
0	this is ridiculous .
0	$ _num_ for what amounts to be appetizers .
0	buffet on weekday which i went was not delicious .
0	it 's waste !
0	they do n't even the remove the plates in buffet !
0	it seems that if you are not indian then you are not welcomed there .
0	now let us talk about food
0	one of the worst indian food places in vegas .
0	this restaurant does n't know how to treat it 's customers !
0	that 's what the manager is saying and all of it pretty rude .
0	simply unprofessional and rude .
0	had to ask _num_ times to get water and silverware .
0	printing photos with celebrities on the wall does n't make the place nice !
0	nothing in the fine print said i could not use it tonight .
0	to me it was not worth it .
0	to order all items are very pricey .
0	food is not really fresh .
0	my husband got sick right after eating buffet .
0	everything was so sour and poor quality .
0	worst indian food ever !
0	there are much better indian restaurants in vegas .
0	stale food , bad service .
0	what a waste of money .
0	and it is n't like this place is short staffed .
0	it makes no sense .
0	have n't seen the doctor yet .
0	this staff are the most unprofessional staff i have ever encountered .
0	my 1st appointment was in march .
0	after sitting in their waiting room for _num_ hours without my child .
0	here you just feel awkward .
0	if you 're drunk you can fake interest .
0	the lighting 's not so great .
0	had several totally overpriced drinks ( $ _num_ for a sierra nevada ?
0	the guys get to just stand there , watch & enjoy .
0	largest club in the us or something like that , eh ?
0	we had what was apparently boxed wine at _num_ bucks a glass .
0	anyway - so the dancers were n't all that great for the most part .
0	there are no `` nice '' girls here .
0	having said that ... this club is awesome .
0	disgusting !
0	way too overpriced .
0	the atm charges are out of control .
0	this place is all about money and nothing else .
0	so less girls would mean less house fees for sapphire .
0	not sure if our tables were bad .
0	dude !
0	the choice of women was weak .
0	avoid eye contact as much as you can , and you 're gold .
0	sapphire hates asians and black people i guess ?
0	no excuses here .
0	my recommendation , pass on this place .
0	do n't do n't do n't do n't do n't do n't .
0	if anyone likes this club they are full of crap .
0	the worst gentlemen 's club experience ever !
0	they stuck us for $ _num_ before we even sat down .
0	biggest sausage fest in las vegas .
0	more meat per square inch than a west german butcher shop .
0	rude waitresses and overpriced drinks ?
0	crappy layout and atmosphere ?
0	_num_ to _num_ male to stripper ratio ?
0	bucket of _num_ beers for only $ _num_ .
0	there were only about _num_ girls working at _num_ pm and _num_ were hot .
0	why are the bouncers making business decisions ?
0	i will not be back .
0	because if you just happen to see an open seat forget it.
0	i think we were there a total of _num_ min .
0	this place is a joke they will hustle you plain and simple .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	_num_ dollars .
0	$ _num_ a beer .
0	i am used to paying _num_ bucks a beer at most clubs in vegas .
0	but $ _num_ ?
0	not like this .
0	_num_ your money !
0	later the stripper asked my other friend to pay as if they never paid .
0	_num_ watch out for the lap dances !
0	but hell it is vegas !
0	this was the first and last time i spend money at sapphire .
0	we went on a tuesday night so the place was n't so busy .
0	no guys in sight , they must be in another room .
0	we 're less than _num_ minutes into being there and demand our money back .
0	no luck .
0	do n't waste your time and money !
0	do not waste your time !
0	not here , my friends .
0	complete garbage !
0	_num_ dollar drinks !
0	nobody really seemed like they were having fun .
0	this is supposedly the biggest strip club in vegas .
0	coming into this club at 1am , there were just way to many people .
0	but i guess they reserve tables for groups who do the bottle service .
0	and speaking of lap dances , they 're $ _num_ per song .
0	zero stars if i could .
0	very low class and upsetting .
0	that 's way too expensive .
0	she looked pretty pissed off .
0	- our booth was a bit cramped , esp for _num_ guys .
0	some of the girls that tried to offer lap dances were even worse .
0	see how annoying that is ?
0	now keep in mind , they refused bottle service somewhere along the way .
0	i will never return to this place.
0	awful place to go !
0	terrible management , overpriced and the girls were n't very impressive .
0	crazy horse is where it 's at !
0	no big deal .
0	did eventually find a few hot ladies to end the night with .
0	big mistake .
0	i will not be back .
0	worse strip club i 've been too .
0	so we sat down .
0	no that was n't enough of a tip !
0	after spending almost a $ _num_ on drinks all we did was stand around .
0	totally low class service for high dollar prices .
0	this place is a ripoff .
0	they promised my a free pickup and a $ _num_ entry .
0	after waiting for _num_ minutes , nobody came .
0	every girls tries to rip you off somehow .
0	my guess is , the kind who likes to get ripped off .
0	did the limo was free so we tipped the driver and got admission ticket .
0	when we go inside front desk said its $ _num_ .
0	no drink ticket .
0	it 's mandatory to pay $ _num_ for _num_ drinks .
0	that is the only good part of our entire time at this place .
0	if i could rate her service i would give it a _num_ .
0	the club gets a negative _num_ hence the two .
0	horrible money hungry girls .
0	crazy horse _num_ is better !
0	i would give it zero stars if possible .
0	do not use your card .
0	so we said forget this and left the club .
0	pretty much ruined the part of his party .
0	i was here on july _num_ , _num_ to watch ufc _num_ .
0	turns out , not one of them had a clue what was going on .
0	girls are not that attractive , drinks are very expensive .
0	worst place in vegas .
0	drinks are watered down .
0	the girls are on the ugly side .
0	the staff here needs more training on customer service and how to treat women !
0	this place is nothing but shit hole !
0	all employees looked tired and/or bored .
0	waitress charge you way more than they should and strippers lie to you .
0	the most racist strip club on the planet .
0	this place sucks .
0	not have some random girl sit on me .
0	overall worst experience i 've had at a club .
0	over all i will not go back .
0	i am sure that this is how they get their ratings .
0	well we fell for it .
0	it was boring .
0	it took _num_ waitresses and _num_ minutes to get two beers .
0	do n't listen to the hype it 's not that great at all .
0	words can not express the bs i 've just experienced .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
0	we spent hours here .
0	we will not be coming here again .
0	biggest rip-off is a better term .
0	terrible !
0	i would not recommend this club to my worst enemy .
0	_num_ stars if that were possible .
0	it will be a waste of time and aggravation .
0	i can only say , ripped off .
0	not going to bring any of my friends here again .
0	please dont waste your money .
0	this place treats their customers like garbage !
0	cover was _num_ and it is not okay inside .
0	i repeat ... not okay .
0	if you are a tourist you get stuck with the $ _num_ cover .
0	no problem , i do well enough that i will not bitch about that .
0	apparently they are the locals and door man 's favorites .
0	the only _num_ pretty girls i saw where walking around the floor .
0	not old chicks with back fat hanging from their bra 's .
0	i have been an avid patron of the pole arts for many years .
0	we paid , left almost no tip and wo n't ever be coming back .
0	horrible and shady are words that come to mind .
0	we get in , they charge $ _num_ each for the two drinks .
0	not cool .
0	majority of the people that gave sapphire _num_ stars are employees .
0	girl in the front gave attitude like she owned the place .
0	she said they could do _num_ for _num_ drinks .
0	this place is a complete rip-off .
0	worst experience ever and never going back .
0	so we pull out another card , which is my debit card .
0	so , we pull out another card and use this one , finally .
0	i will never step foot in here again .
0	waitress told me to leave my seat and go sit elsewhere .
0	total rip off .
0	$ _num_ small water bottle $ _num_ beer .
0	ugh .
0	that was super cool , i 'm on vacation .
0	so , zero help there .
0	go to the next club , trust me its not worth it .
0	this is the worst strip club ever .
0	everyone is miserable .
0	does n't even deserve a _num_ star .
0	should n't have gone this time .
0	i wish there are zero star .
0	this place just sucks .
0	we were originally not set for a strip joint tonight .
0	they had absolutely no reason to turn him down .
0	first : buying rounds with a credit card or debit ?
0	i repeat , do n't open a tab .
0	they bang your card for every round .
0	if you do n't read the fees you 're a dumb ass .
0	long and short , pay the dancers cash .
0	this place was a total rip off and super super crowded .
0	not recommended .
0	but i 'll let you judge if it worth _num_ dollars or not .
0	wo n't let _num_ hot girls in to the club without a guy ?
0	maybe in las vegas that flies .
0	also , i would n't walk it alone at night .
0	there are rules in place that are not written down anywhere .
0	no drinks by the pool , this rule is no where to be found .
0	it 's completely absurd .
0	if i could give them a negative rating - i would .
0	_num_ star is too high .
0	ac problems all the time and the toilets are always clogged .
0	at the end of the day management will blame you for your loss .
0	plus : close to strip , pool , big hot tub , underground parking .
0	police on property weekly it seems like .
0	why am i staying : lease .
0	yes they changed their uniforms , but their performance leaves much to be desired .
0	i was not greeted .
0	he said no , and turned his attention to other customers .
0	ultimately i was n't interested in making a purchase from the experience i had .
0	if you have chinese food , you have it in the chinese restaurant .
0	a very dark place , with no windows and little or no decorations .
0	did n't taste like anything really .
0	another full _num_ minutes and we got our entrees .
0	it was just a very very blend dish .
0	the shrimp and vegetables meal was average .
0	not my kind of chinese food , all dishes over sauced .
0	would not walk around here alone at night for a minute .
0	ok i agree w/ sean g. here ... friendly people at the front desk .
0	to be honest , i never stayed at this motel _num_ .
0	i did , however , drive into the parking lot .
0	_num_ i refused to pay them , and i started getting angry .
0	_num_ score ?
0	called bad timing huh ?
0	i do n't like the respect and care they have for customers .
0	perhaps some kind of drug ring or something ?
0	worst place ever .
0	horrible customer service .
0	horrible experience .
0	but its too bad i will never stay there again .
0	my husband has been staying for work for _num_ weeks now .
0	could n't the person who made the reservation tell him over the phone .
0	i would avoid this hotel .
0	i do n't even know where to start .
0	i 'll keep this as short as possible .
0	there are some sketchy characters wandering around this area .
0	i was supposed to stay _num_ nights , but i checked out after _num_ .
0	we called the front desk again they said they would have someone come clean .
0	the next day we leave and stay gone till its dark .
0	it was n't my hair .
0	perfect cheap place to just get some sleep if you 're alone .
0	weekday rates was something like $ _num_ total .
0	i really wish i could give it less stars .
0	the young man who checked me in did n't bother to respond .
0	i can not even relax in my own room .
0	this place is just awful .
0	i wo n't be back and will not recommend it to anyone .
0	the pool is no frills and has no sun for half of the day .
0	i wo n't be back and will not recommend it to anyone .
0	no tub , only shower .
0	bed was large but not a pillow top and looked well used .
0	awful unprofessional staff .
0	are you kidding i do n't think so .
0	horrible horrible place ... .
0	their effort blatantly did not match their results .
0	instead of treating people as just another dollar .
0	i would definitely not recommended this place .
0	they rush everyone so they can make another dollar .
0	if the bride or groom was n't there they would proceed on .
0	the rice was also mushy , and the meat was tasteless .
0	sorry for the inconvenience chipotle .
0	the food did n't taste as fresh as it could have been either .
0	i took a bite and was totally sad .
0	this one was a sad excuse !
0	this is hands down the worst experience i have ever had at a chipotle .
0	half the time they did n't know how to say something in english .
0	like what the hell was that am i supposed to do it .
0	i brought my husband there about a month ago and it was gross .
0	we got beef items and every bite had gristle and fat .
0	place was pretty messy too .
0	i will not go back , especially not to this location , especially now .
0	my chips were very stale .
0	do not eat here !
0	i feel like death warmed over .
0	disappointed !
0	kitchenette is equipped with plates , silverware , electric stove and refrigerator .
0	i like the hotel towels ; they are thick .
0	normally i would have given this hotel _num_ stars .
0	they could n't find it in their hearts to let me pee .
0	horrible food !
0	soggy chimichanga ... .
0	over priced and needs some seasoning .
0	if you want some good food , go elsewhere , like the pizzeria .
0	if you want really good food , leave the parking lot .
0	good food but horrible service .
0	they 're slow and unorganized .
0	the chicken did n't have any flavor and had a lot water in it .
0	not a nice big bowl of it .
0	barely larger than the cups they give you at pollo loco for salsa .
0	you 're better off at taco bell !
0	the soup was tasteless .
0	the staff seemed rushed and careless .
0	this place has horrible service .
0	i also ordered tacos and they were n't very good either .
0	unless you want food poisoning .
0	first of all the selections at circus circus are minimal .
0	not worth it at all .
0	i only ate a few bites .
0	bf tried it and spit it out and said the chicken is old .
0	we felt so bad for giving it to our kids .
0	please avoid this place like the plague .
0	worst customer service !
0	its not that hard to key in a quesadilla !
0	the pictures they post throughout the hotel is very misleading .
0	terrible !
0	oh wait , the guy seated next to me and he had sour cream .
0	what a disappointment .
0	i must say m & s disappointed me on this occasion .
0	mediocre , true definition of _num_ stars .
0	i waited over _num_ minutes to be seated .
0	management and customer service was horrible with compensation for bad service .
0	i probably will not return .
0	_num_ . )
0	wrong !
0	the _num_ green beans were great ... thanks big guy .
0	not worth the $ _num_ a plate .
0	do n't go to this place the price is not worth it .
0	unfortunately things have changed .
0	the last _num_ times i 've been , it has been horrible .
0	meanwhile my drink came , tasty but hardly any booze and loaded with ice .
0	m & s was a bust for me , an overpriced meal lacking flavor .
0	that process dragged out too long .
0	i had over _num_ $ in gift cards .
0	she will never go there again .
0	no more fresh juice .
0	he was rude when asked , where the previous manger was .
0	i ordered fish & chips the fish was nasty and smelled lousy .
0	to many good fish houses in las vegas to put up with this crap .
0	we wo n't waste our money here again .
0	what poor standards this location must have .
0	poor management at this location .
0	i would not recommend this location to anyone .
0	i would say it 's a must order , if you like carpaccio .
0	it must have been triple salted on the crust .
0	i had to spit it out , it was so terrible .
0	the service was sub par and the food was not worth the price .
0	i did not get a refill on my ice tea the entire visit .
0	not a place i will return to .
0	our crab cake was lukewarm .
0	prices make up for terrible service .
0	slow .
0	amateur hour .
0	staff did n't seem to care if they serve good food or not .
0	we were excited to try this place for the first time .
0	we both ordered fish & chips and what a disappointment .
0	in sum , i have n't been impressed with m & c .
0	not at all up to par .
0	will not be returning .
0	that was _num_ minutes .
0	our salad came along with _num_ thin slices of bread .
0	had lobster bisque that was so thick it was needing a fork and knife .
0	was n't that impressed with this place .
0	the sauted mushroom and spinach had no flavor .
0	our server at lunchtime was attentive .
0	worst experience ever , and a waste of my hard earned money .
0	i know this towel is not sanitary .
0	anyway , that was all the cleaning we received .
0	a few minutes later or drinks were delivered and orders taken .
0	she did not mention any charge .
0	when the check arrived or bill was $ _num_ .
0	the only good thing about this place was the food .
0	this place is pathetic !
0	unfortunately the action is dead after midnight over there .
0	i mean , who goes to vegas to stay at the westin ?
0	someone came into the room while i was sleeping and stole my wallet .
0	this is the worst hotel in vegas .
0	my last stay was absolutely terrible .
0	they offered no way to tune it out .
0	the hotel was also oddly less than pristine .
0	no slip under my door , no phone call .
0	i 'm really torn about this review for this hotel .
0	valet parking is under the direct sizzling vegas sun !
0	i could have parked it myself ... without tipping the guy !
0	i stayed at this hotel for business recently .
0	it was overpriced , noisy and not worth being `` off the strip '' .
0	`` and this includes the parking , breakfast , etc ? ''
0	we let them know this was an error .
0	nor is breakfast .
0	resort fees are something new hotels are doing .
0	please , westin - staff your concierge desk .
0	unless you pay attention , expect to go out of business in this location .
0	bathrooms no vent .
0	priceline gave us the westin as our winning bid .
0	there is nothing to remind you of the great vegas hotels in this establishment .
0	nothing super negative but just that i was disappointed to be in another westin .
0	have n't even gone yet , but already off to a bad start .
0	why , in this day and age , do vegas hotels charge for internet ?
0	i will never be back .
0	tv was old school .
0	hmmm ... is the westin becoming the holiday inn ?
0	i will probably not stay there again unless i have to .
0	finally , your options for gambling are quite limited .
0	do not stay here .
0	you can do better anywhere else .
0	i do not recommend the hotel restaurant .
0	as many other yelpers said , the bed was very comfortable .
0	it makes no sense .
0	i ca n't quite figure that one out .
0	temp does n't change .
0	still , i 'd stay somewhere else ( venetian , wynn , etc .
0	so far crap !
0	ca n't check-in until _num_ unless we want a full bed .
0	really got ta take the westin name off this place .
0	lobby is smokey ( but this is vegas , baby ) .
0	the rooms are very dated and the views , nonexistent .
0	very annoying .
0	for what we paid , we would not stay here again .
0	this ca n't be a corporate property .
0	beware of hidden mandatory fees .
0	this is the only westin that charges mandatory service fee .
0	this place smells like ass .
0	looking out the window we could only see construction and it was noisy .
0	you will not get it here .
0	as stated before this is not for the vegas experience .
0	beware of hidden mandatory fees .
0	this is the only westin that charges mandatory service fee .
0	in las vegas , no one charges for parking !
0	why is westin charging this fee ?
0	i will never stay at the westin las vegas again .
0	they steal from me then tell me it 's my own fault .
0	how is this not criminal deceptive advertising practices ?
0	what a horrible horrible joke .
0	stayed here just this past weekend for two nights .
0	overall i was very disappointed by this hotel .
0	i would not stay here again .
0	not joking .
0	ugh .
0	i was n't able to sleep both nights i was there .
0	i was so tired the next day .
0	worst hotel stay ever .
0	the dealers are inattentive and screw up frequently .
0	terrible customer service .
0	the room is spacious though it 's decor could use a huge facelift .
0	there 's no `` wow '' whatsoever .
0	hopefully , i 'll get to check them out later .
0	that 's not acceptable .
0	terrible experience .
0	pool area is a really sad place .
0	westin paris and other westin properties .
0	thats all nothing more just the beds .
0	horrible house keeping .
0	wo n't be back .
0	wish i could leave negative stars .
0	the westin las vegas sucks !
0	the girl was so rude .
0	horrible customer service and no attempt to solve the problem .
0	if i could give zero , or negative stars , i would .
0	it does n't work at all .
0	gm wo n't take time to address .
0	but there 's a reason why the westin has some terrible reviews .
0	i hate giving bad reviews , but avoid this place if you can .
0	overall , it would be difficult for me to recommend this hotel again .
0	ca n't sleep .
0	very frustrating when customer service is non existent .
0	customer service is awful .
0	large hidden resort fee of $ _num_ per day .
0	i had the worst experience ever in a las vegas hotel !
0	lame .
0	forced to stay here for a work function .
0	payed twice what i should have for half of the experience .
0	not impressed .
0	i 'm very disappointed with this hotel .
0	time to remodel and get current as this place is close to _num_ star .
0	terrible at the front desk .
0	breakfast was gross and quite a disaster .
0	here on a layover as an airline employee .
0	this seems to be a hang out with homeless type folks .
0	worst taco ever .
0	on the strip .
0	no way it was steak !
0	del taco , mexican for `` trash . ''
0	avoid avoid avoid !
0	so , this is probably the worst nordstrom i have ever been too .
0	in the past five years , the las vegas nordstrom has declined tremendously !
0	i purchased a st. john outfit at full price of $ _num_ .
0	went in tonight to purchase two pairs of shoes .
0	this is the second bad experience i have had with valet .
0	well it happened at this nordstrom and it is annoying .
0	at previous visits i have purchased made in usa shorts and shirts .
0	i 'm not paying $ _num_ for chinese crap .
0	it 's disappointing .
0	really rude .
0	i feel they do n't care anymore and are just over it .
0	if you hate your life and your job just quit then .
0	worst nordstrom 's experience ever .
0	such inattentive employees and rude !
0	they will say they are unable to do it .
0	women 's shoe department is , during this visit , appalling .
0	terrible .
0	this is unacceptable and unbelievable .
0	i took the polish off this morning and my nails look awful .
0	the real disgusting dish was the veal though .
0	it looked bad and tasted bad .
0	it was such a waste !
0	both of them wrong .
0	took almost _num_ minutes just to get our drinks .
0	might have to find another place for big birthday dinners in the future .
0	the sauce was very minimal and tons of cheese .
0	wrong .
0	if i went back to buca i 'd def .
0	our _num_ tables were served dinner at different times .
0	this is not how my family does family style .
0	i was n't blown away , like i was hoping to be .
0	the food was ok some of the pasta did n't have any flavor .
0	but will not go back .
0	i would not recommend this bad experience to anyone .
0	i am a bread lover , and this was up to my standards .
0	it seemed too soft for a meatball .
0	if you like a very strong , sour lemon taste , sure .
0	once the entrees came , they were barely even warm .
0	please do n't let them ruin your banquet too .
0	nothing special .
0	even the water tasted awful !
0	we ordered the spicy chicken rigatoni per suggestions on yelp .
0	the chicken was dry and the sauce tasted like pasta water .
0	our server was great but the food service was very slow .
0	i discussed this experience with buca and they asked me to try again .
0	tried some different dishes and this time went to the paradise location .
0	no salt .
0	no nothing .
0	seriously like throwing money away .
0	terrible .
0	free does n't always make the food or the experience better .
0	the food is inconsistent .
0	no pasta , no wow factor except the price .
0	ridiculous .
0	i really do n't understand the appeal of this place .
0	soooo we decided not to eat there and my husband and i left .
0	if you do n't want my business , i will go elsewhere .
0	aaa and the server kicked my chair every damn time he walked by .
0	they could n't get their ish together at all .
0	our entrees came out first ( and were cold ) .
0	most entrees do n't include pasta , you have to order that separate .
0	to give a final comment my experience was negative all around .
0	very disappointed .
0	not very vegetarian friendly .
0	extremely disappointed in this experience .
0	horrible .
0	i know restaurants have off nights but this was extremely disappointing .
0	it took _num_ minutes to get the food menu and the drink menu .
0	only come here if you have all the patience in the world .
0	no way !
0	it was hot , the service was really slow .
0	it was a disaster .
0	i wish i would have known better .
0	overall it was mediocre food , nothing special about this place .
0	i 'm extremely disappointed with this locations restaurant .
0	i will never ever go back to buca for any type of meal .
0	there was nobody else waiting .
0	my boyfriend 's chicken was also very obviously reheated .
0	all the seats , chairs , were so crammed into one another .
0	ridiculous .
0	while the service was amazing , the food was eh and expensive .
0	no doubt that i am an italian snob .
0	this place is not italian .
0	a charge for pasta .
0	if you go to this location , ask for nick to be your server .
0	this highly disappointing experience was n't entirely our servers fault i admit .
0	it was n't even busy , maybe _num_ tables had patrons .
0	this was my first experience at the restaurant and i was far from impressed .
0	it was terrible and we will not go back .
0	the pasta was not dry and it was very flavorful .
0	the bits of bacon gave it more taste .
0	our server is nowhere to be found and this place is dead .
0	the mashed potatoes came out cold in a hot dish .
0	this is really kind of ridiculous and i doubt we 'll be back .
0	now we 've been waiting for _num_ minutes for our entrees .
0	by far today has been the worse experience ever at this place .
0	actually its the worst restaurant experience i 've ever had .
0	our party had 4pm reservations for christmas day , party of _num_ .
0	i hate this place .
0	the rest of the staff in fact , did not .
0	the service staff i would give _num_ stars to .
0	not yummy !
0	the food is mediocre , the pricing is too high for bad food .
0	i 'm sorry buca - but this was a fail .
0	if you want to stay in business , try way harder , buca !
0	never going back .
0	the only good thing its that its inside one of my fav hotels mgm .
0	if i could award this location no stars , i would .
0	they are probably upset they are n't getting a cut of the outrageous prices .
0	but that was basically the only good thing i can say about this experience .
0	hype , food sucks , the atmosphere is kinda cool though .
0	it looked to have been cooked _num_ hours prior to our arrival .
0	what ever you do - do not spend your money here .
0	you get better food at denny 's and that is n't saying much .
0	nasty food , overpriced alcohol and food .
0	i made the mistake of ordering the bbq chicken pizza .
0	i thought it was bad stuff .
0	terrible and flavorless - tasted like crappy tgi friday but in the jungle .
0	i do not suggest it - touristy and awful .
0	the food was horrible !
0	no flavor , rubbery lobster , and just overall bad .
0	way too pricey for what you get .
0	i was disappointed to say the least .
0	first off , this place blows .
0	avoid rain forest cafe at all cost .
0	i would not recommend it .
0	the waiter seemed nice and offered me a margarita or beer .
0	all in all , not impressed .
0	very little cod filling & the breading was oily & mushy .
0	the coconut shrimp was so-so , nothing special .
0	adult side : the food is blah .
0	waiting tables is not easy .
0	it took nearly an hour to get our tasteless , mediocre and overpriced food .
0	note that both were decent , not good .
0	i most likely wo n't be going back to one of these .
0	what a damn waste of time and money .
0	our waiter looked pissed off half the time and refills were a big inconvenience .
0	guess they don not really want to know what you think .
0	trust me on this one , do n't go .
0	the food sucks .
0	i hate this place !
0	i guess its food .
0	showed up cold , bland and soggy .
0	go here for the atmosphere and thats about the only reason to stop here .
0	probably not .
0	it was probably _num_ minutes before the waiter came to the table .
0	thankfully , it was quick and painless .
0	kids meals start at $ _num_ and a basic burger will run $ _num_ .
0	in my opinion , not worth the trouble when there are other options nearby .
0	the rest of the visit was a sad experience .
0	this was the low point of our trip to las vegas .
0	just not a good night for the rainforest cafe !
0	ick !
0	while our waitress was n't bad , she was n't all that stellar either .
0	the waitress was super pissed and her attitude changed immediately .
0	terrible !
0	we could not believe how much the menu had gone up in price .
0	the coupon is n't valid .
0	i 'm not going to go back .
0	the rainforest cafe had some of the worst service .
0	i ordered the turkey wrap , and my sister a burger .
0	bad food and pushy waiter .
0	i 'm not surprised .
0	the wait was n't that bad to get a table for _num_ .
0	that cost $ _num_ as well .
0	avoid this place find someplace else to spend your dining dollars .
0	i will give this place a _num_ star overall rating .
0	here is where things started to go downhill .
0	this is n't a restaurant that i will be returning to .
0	you have got to be kidding me with these prices .
0	this time it was super salty and not to mention expensive !
0	prices are ridiculous , but so is everything in vegas .
0	i made the mistake of ordering the macadamia crusted tilapia and coconut shrimp !
0	absolutely tasteless , no flavor .
0	total waste of time and money .
0	very pricey for terrible food .
0	they lost us as customers with some lousy service.
0	and some things are just blah , like the seafood and steaks .
0	their portion sizes are n't very generous either for how much they 're charging .
0	from the moment we go to the restaurant things just got worse .
0	not very good the atmosphere was ok .
0	i read the other reviews of this restaurant and they are pretty bad .
0	came here for my daughters 7th birthday and what a mistake .
0	our waiter was horrible .
0	it took over _num_ minutes to get our food .
0	nothing had flavor , even the guacamole .
0	you pay for an elephant to move every half hr for like _num_ seconds .
0	this place was a bad decision we made on the night we got here .
0	should have taken it as a sign .
0	seriously the worst food experience with in las vegas .
0	waitress was soooooo slow .
0	awful food , but at least it 's really expensive .
0	this place is way too loud .
0	the food was n't that good either .
0	i wo n't go back .
0	it 's because they 're serving you rotten food .
0	i lost my appetite immediately .
0	_num_ minutes later the manager comes to our table .
0	do not waste your time going here .
0	i will never eat at another rainforest cafe .
0	this place is not worth the price point .
0	um no buddy try again .
0	he took it off _num_ minutes later i get my bill .
0	i pay and quickly leave because it was horrible .
0	nothing that i would pay $ _num_ for .
0	too expensive for mediocre food inside the mgm grand .
0	do n't waste your time here .
0	it was just terrible .
0	nothing special .
0	and i doubt the tip is actually gon na go to our server .
0	waste of money and calories .
0	terribly managed restaurant .
0	i ended up not buying anything because of her crappy attitude .
0	very limited menu and the food they do serve is sub par .
0	the chicken and shrimp were okay but the salad was slimy .
0	fine for families but not for a date in my view .
0	once seated the waiter rushed through the specials .
0	i would n't recommend this place .
0	a terrible experience !
0	we waited _num_ minutes ( with _num_ small children ) for our food- unacceptable !
0	ew !
0	would not come back to this location .
0	so i tried to flagged down a staff .
0	a server , a busboy , a runner , a hostess or anyone !
0	we also asked extra plate to share , once again the runner forgotten it .
0	this place looks great but it is a rip-off !
0	this was $ _num_ .
0	i ordered a cobb salad and it was awful .
0	the food is just awful .
0	the portions were a lot smaller than the other locations .
0	when it came , it was n't worth the wait .
0	came here and got a couple of smoothies and the asian chicken salad .
0	slow delivery of food and drink .
0	step up your game rainforest las vegas , mgm hotel .
0	chances of me coming back here ever = zero .
0	it was _num_ p.m .
0	the atmosphere is not the same .
0	will not be back .
0	ridiculous !
0	sometimes that 's how the choices are made .
0	but still ... some of the typical stuff like sushi was n't that great .
0	really , todai is totally overpriced and over hyped .
0	it 's not as great as people put it as .
0	i live in northern california and todai is around a lot .
0	seriously , just hand over the uni and nobody gets hurt .
0	the beef was cold and inedible , veg was soggy .
0	very disappointing .
0	they even managed to mess up a vegetable chow mein .
0	wrong !
0	the variety of sushi and maki was minimal .
0	thinking about it still leaves me a bad taste as of today .
0	if you select specific foods , it is ok .
0	do n't waste your precious buffet dollars here .
0	bad form .
0	- downhill - they use to mini lobster tails or baked prawns .
0	- sashimi - salmon , tuna , white fish .
0	nothing here is unique , nothing here stands out .
0	the meats , prime rib , roast pork , were beyond dry .
0	after reading several yelp reviews , we decided to try this place out .
0	the food should be rated a zero or negative .
0	sorry todai of las vegas but fail .
0	the food is bland and the sushi is n't very good .
0	the crab was absolutely disgusting , it was inedible in fact .
0	i figured most vegas buffets include drinks in the price .
0	i paid $ _num_ for dinner and quickly noticed that they had no salmon ?
0	the food was really really bad .
0	i 'm sure they would n't have done much .
0	i will not be returning .
0	remember , there are two type of buffets in vegas .
0	a little expensive considering there wasnt much to offer .
0	i was n't impressed during lunch hour due to lack of selection here .
0	there are simply too many other alternatives .
0	disgusting un edible food and way overpriced .
0	the clam soup was disgusting .
0	one dish you ca n't screw up that i always get is the udon .
0	and probably would n't go back for dinner .
0	oyster is so fishy and the sushi was disgusting .
0	i can not believe the food was not worth a penny .
0	these are not even set up on the table .
0	the raw tuna was bright red and salmon was falling apart .
0	terrible experience , poor service and terrible attitude .
0	i would n't go back if it was n't free .
0	i will not come back .
0	needless to say , my husband and i will not return .
0	do n't think i would consider coming back .
0	the management here need more training , kate and april .
0	no more .
0	way to ruin my birthday .
0	sushi was not fresh at all and sucks .
0	please do not throw your money here .
0	sushi rice was hard and fish was not fresh !
0	place was not busy ... had to keep asking for refills .
0	not worth _num_ .
0	terrible food .
0	do n't happen upon this place like we did , you 'll regret it .
0	also the food was disgusting .
0	usually i can find one thing i like but no everything tastes nasty .
0	maybe it was because they had _num_ hours until closing but still .
0	how do you mess that up ?
0	do n't eat the crab legs what ever you do !
0	i got so sick i felt like i was going to die .
0	i highly do n't recommend eating here !
0	( others would have gave nothing .
0	food terrible and bad service .
0	restaurant is not clean .
0	i normally do n't want to give any bad rating like _num_ star .
0	but todai in miracle shop - las vegas is unacceptable .
0	presentation of foods looks cheap .
0	i consumed only half of it and then rest went into the trash .
0	the sundae also had the problem of melting too quickly .
0	we also tried their brownie which taste more like fudge .
0	cheesy outfits .
0	gross .
0	the worst customer service i have ever encountered .
0	i started crying when we left because it was so bad .
0	they got my simple order wrong .
0	no flavor .
0	and the cheese part o the philly cheesesteak is practically mia .
0	avoid unless you just want to burn money .
0	sandwich was just alright and fries were nothing to really savor .
0	the cashier had poor listening skills and no patience in taking orders .
0	as the other reviewers stated , their food is bland .
0	no attitude and provided everything i needed .
0	not coming back again .
0	terrible .
0	i 'm not a super picky eater but when something sucks it sucks .
0	zero flavor , no seasoning , just not good at all .
0	cashier and cook doing it all .
0	food is mediocre , like every other cpk .
0	waiters and waitresses tend to be a bit slow attending to diner 's needs .
0	the bread was stale and the salad was mediocre at best .
0	um ... no .
0	coming from a hospitality background , i understand that it gets busy .
0	maybe this location just sucks .
0	a friend and i went here on a weekday around _num_ pm .
0	the pesto is not my favorite .
0	p.s .
0	it was very disappointing and it seemed like they didnt care .
0	everything from the pizza to the pasta and appetizers were all horrible .
0	the spinach dip was oily and the mac n cheese was plain boring .
0	the food served here was the worst experience we 've had at cpk .
0	our total bill was only $ _num_ .
0	i gave our waitress $ _num_ as i wanted change for a tip .
0	came here on my lunch break and the service was horrible .
0	this is not the place to go if you 're in a hurry .
0	extremely rude customer service from their takeout server .
0	it 's a cheap school , but you get what you pay for .
0	do n't waste your time and money .
0	it 's a complete scam !
0	the dining area looked like a hotel meeting room .
0	and do n't go to broadway prime .
0	go just for the dessert - banana cream pie ... yummy !
0	how so very , very disappointing .
0	the place looked a bit shabby to me , and the food was mediocre .
0	the waiter and bus boy , barely spoke english .
0	they would n't accept the gift cards we had for the whole amount .
0	also ordered the pumpkin pie ... it was horrible .
0	very lean actually , which is a sign of lower grade prime rib .
0	not on my list of place s to go back to .
0	the waitress was also flat and had zero personality .
0	by the way , your outfits are suck .
0	has anyone been to house of prime rib in sf ?
0	i will never waste my money here .
0	eh , cream corn .
0	for the comment he made to my wife he deserved nothing .
0	i am not a fan and will not try to eat here again .
0	the spinning salad in my opinion was less than great .
0	salad drenched in thousand island dressing ... hmm .
0	i was expecting something amazing ... and it was not .
0	service : slow and not impressive .
0	could n't eat it .
0	it was basically a slab of meat with some au jus sauce .
0	recommendations : hit up the local black angus or outback steakhouse instead .
0	when seated there was n't a sole in the place .
0	our bill was $ _num_ and it was worth about $ _num_ .
0	just rude service !
0	waiter was slow and charged us for a drink he made wrong .
0	why ?
0	the service was just eh for the price you 're paying .
0	so incredibly disappointing .
0	on top of that paying vegas prices for sub par food .
0	not our first time .
0	it was just all wrong from start to finish .
0	he offered dessert , we said no .
0	prime rib , not great , we 've had way better .
0	i can say that it was a complete disappointment .
0	when we received it , it was lukewarm at best .
0	trying to cut a piece off was difficult enough .
0	just imagine chewing a piece ?
0	it was like chewing on a rubber band .
0	i do n't mind paying but i 'd like to know its additional .
0	i do n't like how they do n't show the prices on the menu .
0	in my opinion it 's way over priced .
0	after a _num_ to _num_ minute wait we were seated at a booth .
0	overhaul a terrible food experience but rhonda 's service was great .
0	skip this , especially for the price , should be way better .
0	unfortunately it did not happen .
0	she was going to leave it at that but husband continued to question it .
0	seriously - do u argue w the customer at this class of restaurant ?
0	at the end we were all very unhappy .
0	female servers are dressed in old southern times complete with very authentic looking outfits .
0	no way about it not one good piece of meat in the bunch .
0	terribly slow service .
0	for the price , i would have expected much more .
0	but again ... i 'm just not impressed .
0	_num_ star .
0	and the valet service is clueless and rude .
0	so half our party ate while the other half waited for their food .
0	the mashed potatoes & creamed spinach were good .
0	we wo n't be going back .
0	the asparagus was _num_ pieces and was over cooked .
0	the spinning salad is a joke - and nasty .
0	tasted like something in an elementary school cafeteria .
0	was n't that good .
0	hello - no waitress .
0	it was awful .
0	i really did n't think it was going to be an issue .
0	they were not happy that a child was at their table .
0	i inquired about dry cleaning once and they were so rude about giving prices .
0	it scared the hell out of me !
0	talk about incredibly rude and disrespectful !
0	no tip , nothing .
0	the only thing the staff @ front desk could offer was a _num_ credit .
0	first , vegas ... its a crap hole .
0	would n't recommend taking a midnight stroll .
0	sun thru thursday , the hotel is quiet .
0	did i mention vegas is a crap hole ?
0	beds not great .
0	the restaurant and bar could not take credit cards .
0	the bathroom was disgusting !
0	by the way , this is 11pm on a thursday .
0	did i mention that i paid an extra $ _num_ for this luxury ?
0	my biggest complaint is the staff at this place .
0	this place is unclean , and service is terrible .
0	plus , the hotel kitchen had no options for eating gluten free .
0	all in all very very disappointed and would not stay there again .
0	i do not have long hair so certainly not mine from yesterday .
0	bagels and coffee would have been great .
0	the hospital where we work paid for this conference room .
0	she rudely said we would have to pay almost _num_ for the buffet .
0	i have looked through some of your reviews and there are several bad ones .
0	coffee , tea , water , juice .
0	super disgusting .
0	horrible service .
0	very disappointing stay all around .
0	this hotel is not kept up .
0	i would not recommend this hotel .
0	my room was n't that clean either .
0	everything i requested was not honored .
0	the glass doors for the shower is hard to move back and forth .
0	both rooms in the tub the water takes long to go down .
0	it was out of order .
0	the hotel just sucks !
0	the clothes are really expensive but cheap made .
0	very disappointed .
0	and she said it _num_ times !
0	had a horrible experience shopping here .
0	and she said it _num_ times !
0	i walked in with my sisters and my fiance earlier this month .
0	( i get the same treatment from gucci , btw .
0	bad service .
0	but she was nonetheless offended and took our business to another nearby boutique .
0	this boutique is extremely small , not well lit and not well stocked .
0	i visited this store twice this week .
0	all in all this place is just okay .
0	strike two ... booked a room again .
0	w. t. f .
0	no offer to comp anything .
0	havent upgraded to flat screens yet .
0	i had n't slept in a double bed since i was in elementary .
0	updated room the first time , whatever .
0	- the house wine sucks .
0	good thing i was n't picking up the tab .
0	not comfy .
0	but no .
0	there is no microwave ( ?
0	no , i do not think i will book here again .
0	no thanks .
0	that really annoying in vegas because people come and go at all hours .
0	should n't she know that ?
0	also , the prices for drinks in that bar are ridiculous !
0	the mexican place was not good , and the service was slow and poor .
0	we would 've eaten elsewhere if there would 've been choices nearby .
0	if you rent a cabana , you do not get your own waitress .
0	bottom line : stay here if you are looking for dirt cheap prices .
0	i will not stay here again .
0	for one , the valet is not quick and speedy .
0	not cool .
0	problem _num_ : no free wifi in rooms !
0	do n't waste your money on this one .
0	no power switch available .
0	however , in both suites the toilets had problems .
0	i will just stay elsewhere off the strip ; somewhere on paradise road .
0	the bathroom again is huge , but not to any purpose .
0	there is something about this hotel room that makes me think crime scene .
0	since it 's off the strip , the rates are cheaper .
0	i would never stay here again .
0	there was no microwave .
0	now it 's been over _num_ hours and still no call or e-mail .
0	your team did not even acknowledge our patronage .
0	not a great way to treat us , i 'm afraid .
0	all they could offer was a king bed with a couch .
0	their response was more attitude and a negative to the request .
0	no luck .
0	do not be fooled that it is called `` suites '' .
0	and our non smoking room smells like smoke .
0	do not stay here .
0	meanwhile , they made my husband sit at the lobby .
0	what hotel does not have cameras in the hallway ?
0	why not just wander the streets for a few days without sleeping ?
0	service execution was uneven .
0	believe it or not , the food was good .
0	wouldnt even color me out when i left after that .
0	to the their casino and up to the 2nd floor .
0	i am so tempted to try and check out and stay somewhere else ... .
0	rooms can use better lighting .
0	the laundry facility is nasty .
0	filthy , nasty , wet dirty towels all over the place .
0	have stayed here many times but this time was not good .
0	it ruined the pool atmosphere .
0	not anymore .
0	turned out to be another 3rd party booking agency , expedia .
0	the managers had no power or authority to do anything regarding the resort fee .
0	they did n't even have anyone to call for assistance .
0	spent another _num_ minutes with the real manager in the morning .
0	terrible job tuscany !
0	this place is cheap and to stay ... great .
0	but i play craps and they have an _num_ second dice setting rule .
0	horrible experience .
0	highly disappointing .
0	ask for frank ... he 'll take care of you .
0	change my room ?
0	this hotel is a complete & absolute nightmare .
0	i come back that night , pillow is gone ( yay ! )
0	not clear on price of room and hidden charges were applied .
0	ask for james the server he is awesome !
0	and nobody wants to be responsible there .
0	worst hotel stay of my life .
0	i wish i could put zero stars !
0	management = horrible .
0	rooms = falling apart .
0	terrible customer service .
0	the hotel did not try to accommodate this at all .
0	the main desk did not try to help at all .
0	overall , i do not recommend this hotel for stay in vegas .
0	it 's just average to below average for what you pay .
0	i have also never seen such small bath towels in all my life .
0	as soon as we checked into our room , it smelled like vomit .
0	this place is infested !
0	not to mention , the light in the bathroom did n't work .
0	my fiancee talked them in to a second $ _num_ voucher .
0	we searched the room for bugs and fortunately did n't find anything else .
0	gross !
0	the only good thing about this place is the valet .
0	no service to sell you quarters to use the laundry facilities .
0	the food i would rate a _num_ .
0	never ever consider staying at this place !
0	first of all , parking sucks .
0	i will never stay in this hotel as long as i live .
0	when asked why again he said , `` because i said so . ''
0	the front desk staff member was rude as well .
0	there 's a really bad , noisy and old air conditioner in the room .
0	it was very disturbing and i had to wake up a couple of times .
0	the amenities in the room sucked big time .
0	we bring _num_ guests , each year , for our annual conference .
0	the staff does n't care .
0	but a water bug problem .
0	that right off the bat is a negative star .
0	that is not what the tuscany resort is known for i guess .
0	there 's a late check out fee sometimes according to the front desk .
0	horrible !
0	came last week on sunday ( no pun intended ) and was very disappointed .
0	actually pretty sad with about _num_ or less people .
0	terrible !
0	it was empty and girls were not very pretty !
0	place sucked big time ... do n't waste your time !
0	very dead !
0	all ugly .
0	the first time , i came here , this club was off the chain .
0	the bar was disgusting !
0	it was that gross !
0	i tried ordering a mai tai : they were out of pineapple .
0	limo driver took us to another venue and saved the evening .
0	first time to try to see some shows in vegas .
0	and had rude words .
0	should be a no star !
0	thought there would be less pressure going to a smaller club .
0	would not do any business with them .
0	very poor customer service !
0	do n't go to this place !
0	it 's the first time i have encountered such a bad experience !
0	this place should have closed down long time ago .
0	i would give it negative stars if it is allowed .
0	if you 're not wearing a suit and tie , do n't bother .
0	the staff was very helpful .
0	room has mini fridge , coffee maker , stove , sink and microwave .
0	i would give this place negative stars .
0	there were ants all over our door when i first entered our room .
0	and the bath mats reeked of mildew !
0	please do n't ruin your time in sin city with a place like this .
0	warning : they do n't clean the rooms very well .
0	i would never come back and would not recommend to anyone .
0	btw , i am in the food and beverage industry .
0	terrible service !
0	the worst customer service i have ever experienced .
0	customer service is very poor as is their delivery speed and product .
0	the cashier was very rude .
0	this place has ruined papa john 's for me .
0	the pizza was really terrible too .
0	and actually just threw it away after heating it up because it was inedible .
0	such a disappointment .
0	after doing the process all over again , i placed my order .
0	but the line was cut off .
0	neither happened .
0	the guy on the phone was not friendly n was cut short .
0	i arrived _num_ minutes later , they did not have it ready .
0	they just do n't give a damn .
0	well over an hour to counter , then downstairs to pick up car .
0	then , when dropping car off , another long line .
0	very disappointing and not worth the reasonable rental rate .
0	after having dinner there , i do not want to go back again !
0	the service was terrible !
0	for ambiance , i 'd give it _num_ stars .
0	small portions !
0	at least the french really know their desserts .
0	the view entirely depends on where they seat you , however .
0	not child friendly in that they ca n't do pasta or rice .
0	service was off on sunday pm .
0	that was _num_ days ago and i 'm still not over it !
0	i had been in las vegas with my fianc this past labor day weekend .
0	after that , we did n't see our server for another _num_ minutes .
0	food , would n't eat here again .
0	not worth the effort or the price .
0	over priced , i 've had much better french food elsewhere .
0	had to leave our show `` o '' early because of this food poisoning .
0	there are very few `` bad '' tables .
0	some bland some too salty ! )
0	the bread was not too bad .
0	was n't too impressed with the food though .
0	i will not be coming back again .
0	if you decide to come here , do n't get the surf and turf .
0	salads are obviously not fresh .
0	i ordered a fish , but it tastes awful !
0	no vegetables at all on the dishes .
0	i do n't wan na go back even it 's free .
0	thank god i did not because the experience was ruined !
0	not here .
0	each side dish will feed _num_ people , maybe .
0	the steaks and fish are served without any garnish .
0	nobody even ate it .
0	one of the worst meal experiences of my life .
0	i must say that my experience was quite disappointing .
0	the food was not bad , not out of this world either .
0	i will not be returning .
0	obviously the people cooking it had no idea how to make it properly .
0	pricey , my dish was $ _num_ for black cod baked in a bag .
0	but then again , you are paying for location and view .
0	that turned me off .
0	french toast is not french .
0	the average entre price is $ _num_ .
0	all the view in the world did n't make the dinner experience any better .
0	i must say i was really disappointed .
0	for a restaurant of this caliber , i would expect more courteous attitude .
0	most restaurants would do something special with our desserts , but not this one .
0	when we sat down , there was none .
0	i just do n't get the high ratings from other yelpers .
0	the taste of lamb was non-existent .
0	terrible place to eat .
0	but i do need my dogs with me 24/7 .
0	and then he goes on saying well we only want service dogs .
0	like all strip restaurants it is way overpriced .
0	the turkey was so , so with a tiny amount of boring gravy .
0	we were all so let down and we will never visit for thanksgiving again .
0	we flew in from san diego and had dinner arranged there at _num_ .
0	_num_ the _num_ course meal was extremely limited .
0	only fish or beef ( not even steak ) were the main course .
0	but i would n't come here just for the bread .
0	it was really a let down to come here .
0	i am really disappointed by my experience here last night .
0	however , i feel you can get that in other areas on the strip .
0	big mistake .
0	and maybe , on a weekday night , that 's exactly what they are ?
0	horrible customer service and will never go here .
0	the server said that was fine and it would n't take that long .
0	during this wait time we did not even get checked up on !
0	it is overpriced , the food is nothing special .
0	i have to say this was no treat .
0	our bill was near _num_ for four .
0	all in all this place is n't worth the price .
0	this place is not one of them .
0	not exactly first class the elevator leaves you in the kitchen .
0	the bread was served cold .
0	this meal had nothing negative to comment on .
0	hands down the worst foie i have ever had .
0	the reason why i gave it only _num_ stars was because of my meal .
0	the dish cost _num_ $ and they give you _num_ !
0	this has to be the worst overpriced restaurant on the strip .
0	our experience here was mostly negative .
0	totally bad service , and bad food !
0	nothing special about the service by the water .
0	dinner for _num_ ... $ _num_ .
0	not worth the money .
0	ca n't recommend it and we are not coming back there for sure .
0	i would never recommended this restaurant to anyone .
0	he just ignored us the entire time !
0	went there for my girlfriend 's birthday she was not happy with the service .
0	souffl was served with no side plates .
0	currently waiting another _num_ minutes for another souffl to be cooked .
0	the restaurant was n't even full and it was lunch time .
0	me : how long do i have to wait ?
0	horrible experience !
0	my duck was a bit bland to me .
0	this meal was a complete bummer .
0	those passion fruit jelly things are terrible .
0	then you know it is overdone . ''
0	other than the view , i would n't recommend this place .
0	you can much better steaks for half the price elsewhere .
0	very disappointed in our table selection .
0	we had to have the worst booth here .
0	overpriced and food was mediocre .
0	was looking forward to a fantastic dining experience but was really disappointed .
0	she just say no and we ca n't change table .
0	may be my party look cheap for them .
0	by the way that bill was only for appetizer and drinks .
0	the restaurant does not cater to dietary restrictions .
0	if you eat eggs , there are a few more options .
0	we had to flag down our waitress and get a basic salad replacement .
0	the meat is not meat , but butter meat .
0	the only saving grace was the king crab salad as the appetizer .
0	beware they charge _num_ % gratuity for parties _num_ or more .
0	for $ _num_ , i expected something far more memorable .
0	i had a taste of the steak and it was dry .
0	immediately lost appetite bagged up the food and gave to street artist .
0	terrible service from start to finish .
0	the waitress was very pushy .
0	the only time when she was quick to service was giving us the bill .
0	this place was extremely overrated .
0	the main course was chicken , which i would not recommend to anyone .
0	but i would recommend getting a dessert and wine and nothing else .
0	talked with the host and he apologized and took off a couple sides .
0	will not be going back .
0	i did n't eat anywhere before this .
0	cold food , poor service .
0	the majority of the food however , was terrible .
0	the view is priceless .
0	my husband ordered the king steak $ _num_ !
0	with tax , $ _num_ .
0	the worst onion soup i have seen for $ _num_ .
0	not here .
0	manager had a terrible attitude .
0	leave this behind !
0	they do have pants and collar shirt yup loan at no charge .
0	the food was mediocre .
0	i was extremely disappointed in the eiffel tower restaurant !
0	sadly they seem to have lost their way .
0	after getting the manager 's approval to share a _num_ oz .
0	the timing of the food was terrible .
0	his scallops were cold .
0	the fajitas was salty like it was cooked in sea water .
0	to make matters worse there was a hair in the salsa .
0	i wish i had looked this up on yelp !
0	my wife had a stale tuna croissant .
0	total waste of money and inedible .
0	deserves a zero , not a one .
0	it 's gone seriously downhill , from a barely acceptable restaurant .
0	i 'm trying to find a way to give less than one star .
0	unbelievable .
0	it 'll run you _num_ bucks for a bottle of bud !
0	total damage this day ( _num_ persons ) $ _num_ .
0	i paid my bill and walked out , never to return again .
0	the fries were average and edible though .
0	they charged me $ _num_ for _num_ tacos with rice and beans .
0	but an extra $ _num_ for watered down salsa mad the experience worse .
0	was really looking forward to a good chocolate fix .
0	unbelievable that this airline is still in business .
0	this is one expensive stop .
0	the gas here is very expensive .
0	tried a second unit , also full of stuff and nothing else available .
0	those comments are not appropriate for sunday service .
0	played the sunrise & canyon _num_ 's the lakes was not offered to us .
0	the food is mediocre at best and overpriced .
0	anything really goes on the golf course , tennis courts and fitness center .
0	the fairways have no grass and i 'm not exaggerating .
0	he said that we could for another $ _num_ per person .
0	i do n't feel anyone deserves to be treated like this .
0	these people are rude and overpriced !
0	i am just really dissappointed in how the school handled the situation .
0	really disappointed in this program .
0	i 'm very glad i went for a second visit that day .
0	cheap carpeting .
0	slow turnaround when repairs needed .
0	called management and they replaced it with another old one .
0	there 's truly nothing i can get here and nowhere else . )
0	in the past six months it certainly has changed for the worse .
0	wo n't be ordering again .
0	burgers were way undercooked and missing ingredients .
0	drove it for a mile it started making noise again .
0	after day _num_ of no eating i knew i had to do more .
0	the food was mediocre .
0	why would n't they inform him of that when he ordered it ?
0	this place was pretty disgusting .
0	i would not recommend this place to the homeless ... .
0	i took one bite , it was the worst thing i have ever eaten .
0	please never eat there , it is a horrid experience .
0	omg its old but you just happen to open _num_ minutes ago .
0	the baked potato was hard and not done .
0	they get a `` _num_ '' for the front of the house !
0	this place does n't even deserve _num_ star .
0	it seem she hated life all together smh never coming back here again .
0	will not go back or recommend this place at all !
0	empanadas were not hot all the way thru .
0	i do not think we will be trying this place again .
0	_num_ minutes away from the strip .
0	now _num_ days later my money is still not in my account .
0	i tried to do a split payment of cash and card for a transaction .
0	it may be slightly more expensive , but it is much more safe .
0	wrong .
0	the name of this place should be called eagle trash .
0	the staff is questionable .
0	i hate this place and ca n't get out fast enough !
0	it 's so bad and the treatments are n't working ... .
0	since we had already moved i was not at the property at that point .
0	this was _num_ months later .
0	the moving in process was fine .
0	she simply brushed off the incident as if it happened all the time .
0	there is dog crap everywhere , because nobody picks up after their dogs .
0	she ended up in the emergency room for the night .
0	they took electronics , personal info , and my dog went missing !
0	if you have a family this is not a good place to move .
0	that is not the case .
0	# _num_ the dining room windows do not open .
0	scorpions can be bad here .
0	# _num_ be ready to pay $ _num_ for anything .
0	$ _num_ loose a key to your apartment ?
0	your not safe here .
0	kids are loud are all over the place .
0	frankly another driver that day who was six foot four said he barely fit .
0	_num_ hours later the pilot light was out after taking a shower .
0	then , she tells me the service window is anytime from 7am to 5pm !
0	some lame excuses .
0	this was not explained to me when i signed my contract for the system .
0	i am sorry i ever used their services .
0	their next appointment was a week away .
0	so sick of them .
0	i would not do business with them if i had any choice .
0	so , that was an additional $ _num_ for a small plastic piece .
0	i 'm sure because the unit is only $ _num_ .
0	terrible service .
0	confused yet ?
0	for a calzone as a whole , i 've had some awesome ones .
0	horrible customer service .
0	besides the store is about _num_ minutes away .
0	we have ordered approximately _num_ times from this restaurant for delivery .
0	poor customer service .
0	you lost a loyal customer tonight .
0	really really really gross and very rude staff along with really high prices .
0	robertos is disgusting .
0	it does n't get any cheaper than rice and beans folks ... .
0	onions and tomatoes come together as pico de gallo .
0	a mexican restaurant without onions ?
0	rude , slow and then they started talking about me in spanish .
0	only robertos i have been too that is not clean .
0	i hate that all robertos are different .
0	you 're making money off of me .
0	the burger and chilli did n't compliment each other .
0	cash only , `` i could n't find a letter '' .
0	mistake dirty , unfriendly and just basic cooking easy breakfast skills lacking .
0	just do n't go .
0	i would give this place zero stars if i could !
0	needless to say , i will never order form pizza hit ever again !
0	crappy customer service !
0	i wish i can give this place _num_ stars .
0	the employees are super rude and have horrible customer service .
0	are you kidding , how am i suppose to eat my pasta .
0	at this point , i might as well gone to little caesars .
0	not true !
0	she had no response and put me on hold .
0	they were a complete hassle and their customer service is awful .
0	do n't trust this place .
0	awful customer service.
0	not good .
0	bad service !
0	i should 've listened to myself .
0	just had to have price corrected again .
0	this is ridiculous !
0	my problem is with the security and not the events held there .
0	so in short , because of this guy .
0	boring , boring , boring , as usual .
0	my vehicles and number of are within the rules .
0	in my mind , if it happens once , it 's a mistake .
0	it took _num_ hours and _num_ minutes just to leave the parking lot .
0	the vegetables were dry and tasteless .
0	it was a shame because i so love turkey and mashed potatoes .
0	something really weird was going on the week we were there .
0	worst service i have ever had !
0	without a doubt the worst stay i have ever had anywhere !
0	musty smell everywhere .
0	lost about $ _num_ worth of items , maybe more .
0	rangoon were cold and not good .
0	now the spicy almond chicken was very bland and no flavor to it .
0	after a _num_ minute wait , we were seated .
0	well it 's almost _num_ am , so why should n't they be .
0	horrible experience .
0	wifi connection sucks , and is super slow .
0	the worst place i have ever stayed .
0	the problem is n't necessarily the hotel it 's the clientele it attracts .
0	do n't take my word for it.
0	the worse paella i have ever tasted .
0	i too agree that this place is a `` no go ! ''
0	earlier .
0	this place is terrible !
0	the wait to get my eyebrows done was _num_ minutes !
0	the experience was terminal to terminal and was fine .
0	other action would be needed on my part .
0	what a nightmare .
0	i was highly disappointed with this place .
0	the first definitely is n't true and the second apparently is n't either .
0	we said , `` oh , no thank you we are just looking . ''
0	a few days passed and never received a return call .
0	it 's been a week and a half and have not heard a thing .
0	we contacted them and asked for an estimate and never received one .
0	once we responded residential , the manager had no time for us .
0	do n't waste your time if you are a single home owner .
0	i wo n't be going back to that dealership ever again .
0	we could n't sit in a single vehicle to check it out .
0	this place has consistently slow service .
0	save your self money , and do n't go there .
0	it took them _num_ hours to change the oil and rotate the tires .
0	so what exactly does a bumper to bumper , manufacturer warranty cover ?
0	very disappointed in the service .
0	he also told me that this kind of damage didnt happen overnight .
0	friendly people but lacking in service focus .
0	do n't go to this dealership .
0	centennial toyota sales department is a joke .
0	they are the worst bunch of salespeople in the city of las vegas .
0	centennial later sent me an email after i told them my disappointment .
0	honesty is not part of their business , skip them !
0	the worst people working here .
0	and the payment is fixed for _num_ years !
0	i could not adjust the seat for the test drive .
0	what a horrible person to deal with .
0	she offered me some advice on the warranty and sent me on my way .
0	somehow it is done incorrectly twice , and counting .
0	horrible , horrible service .
0	manny never met me so i went looking for him .
0	manny then says he has to wash it real quick .
0	this is my 2nd time getting an oil change and i 'm disappointed .
0	i will not be attending this service center anymore .
0	these guys literally did not want to sell me a car .
0	if i could give no star that would be more of an accurate review .
0	never again will i consider buying a vehicle from this dealership .
0	there was no mention of the extra $ _num_ .
0	the first problem i encountered was with sal in the financial department .
0	this place is a joke .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
0	do not go here you will be sorry and big waste of your time .
0	go anywhere else but here to buy a toyota .
0	i just wan na know . ''
0	`` so you are going to pit one dealership against another . ''
0	they did not put gas in the car .
0	it turns out that the two rear tires are bad .
0	that fix was going to cost us $ _num_ .
0	um ... no thanks !
0	this was a big mistake .
0	still i have n't received an email or phone call from anthony .
0	i 'm like whatever .
0	it only covered replacement .
0	toyota are great , this dealership is not !
0	the worst dealership experience i ever had .
0	this place is an absolute joke .
0	nearly $ _num_ .
0	they were taking us for a ride , and not in their vehicles .
0	this was a terrible experience to have put my family through .
0	my recommendation is to just avoid the place period .
0	i walked out and drove all the way to findlay in henderson .
0	completely disappointing experience .
0	i walked out and decided that a car was n't worth that effort .
0	this is probably why people choose carmax .
0	my wife and i live _num_ minutes from this dealership .
0	the lady helping me pressured me so much .
0	but that 's not the worst part .
0	but that 's not the worst part .
0	do not go to this place .
0	why did i have to spend a good 10-15 min explaining our decision .
0	we will never return to this place .
0	all i can say is avoid this place at all costs !
0	did i mention everything in their service center is 30-40 % overpriced ?
0	he tells me to come into his office and literally says nothing to me .
0	zero stars for this place !
0	would recommend to never go here ever .
0	they do n't give a shit about helping you with exactly what you want .
0	this place is beyond a nightmare .
0	it 's only been _num_ months .
0	yet this service was not done .
0	this is second poor service .
0	instead they offered me $ _num_ toward a trade in .
0	thanks for wasting my time .
0	wish i could give this zero stars !
0	sales guy comes back in and tries to justify it .
0	however they continue to disappoint me every time i visit there .
0	we are so disappointed in the sales personnel at centennial toyota !
0	i had my babies with me so i could n't sit down inside .
0	too bad you ca n't give negative stars .
0	but no !
0	do waste your time .
0	the service people are very nice but nice does n't make it right .
0	i called several times to the manger no call back !
0	they lost my business of ever buying from them again !
0	there is a low selection of anything that could be considered modern .
0	seems like they do n't want to sell anything here .
0	i was transferred to a number with no answer .
0	the chicken was very overdone and dry .
0	take out order was wrong .
0	this place is mediocre at best .
0	the last four times we were here it was n't good in anyway .
0	the fries were over cooked and crunchy .
0	eater beware this place is no good anymore .
0	this place could n't cook a steak if it was cooked for them .
0	the steak is not good there and tough .
0	gee i guess we should 've asked other 's first before going .
0	bottom line ... not going back there again .
0	poor service !
0	alice springs chicken cost $ _num_ or $ _num_ at one time .
0	this place is horrible .
0	i ended up threw 1/2 rack away .
0	do n't know if i want to go back any time soon .
0	and then say , `` sorry it 's chicken , it that okay ?
0	we will never return to this outback .
0	but this location has terrible costumer service .
0	we were sitting for _num_ minutes and still no server .
0	still no service at this time .
0	just not happy about our food tonight .
0	for $ _num_ there are many better places to get a good steak .
0	it was such a disappointment .
0	_num_ ) really ?
0	these where burnt and dry for the most part .
0	the seats are uncomfortable for sitting as long as a movie .
0	not a fan of this place .
0	i go here only when absolutely necessary .
0	no respect for customers .
0	got here and was lucky to have a nearly empty theater .
0	inappropriate comments , lackluster skills , poor grooming .
0	should n't they be fully stocked and ready to rock the weekend ?
0	this theatre has gone downhill .
0	this theater is awful .
0	poor service today !
0	maybe only half full .
0	the margarita chicken burrito bad too .
0	price too high service quality bad .
0	i 'm sorry that 's not good in my book .
0	the watermelon lemonade was not refreshing , it taste like fountain lemonade and syrup .
0	not here .
0	no way to pay cash for bill anymore apparently .
0	well i did n't get to eat my dinner .
0	at least my beer was poured well .
0	many people looked at me , but i was n't acknowledged by anyone .
0	big fail today .
0	only gave it the _num_ stars that i did because my salad was good .
0	ordered _num_ main courses , two fried rice , and one noodles .
0	man , did i have another thing coming .
0	which is a shame , because the folks at chop chop wok are friendly .
0	they provide stellar customer service .
0	we 're sorry , chop chop wok .
0	i did not notice when i first walked in that the place was filthy .
0	tables do n't wipe themselves .
0	wrong .
0	as for the food , i ordered from the japanese side for a change .
0	do n't get me wrong .
0	do n't bother buying sushi from here !
0	has to be the worst chinese delivery ever !
0	worst mistake !
0	not special .
0	the chicken skewers is a sweet teriyaki which i did not prefer .
0	wanted to like this place but unfortunately wo n't return .
0	once we started to eat things became worst .
0	i know all the big banks are pathetic .
0	i would give them all _num_ stars , if possible .
0	no more !
0	and then she walked away .
0	mistake after mistake .
0	no communication .
0	if you are a first time home buyer , stay away .
0	the only issue was that they couldnt close till _num_ days later .
0	so they didnt want my blood , no problem .
0	i said i have my id but my son does n't .
0	do n't let bad people mess up a good organization .
0	taking two hours past the appointment time is just way too long .
0	the other doctors there do not want to do anything for you .
0	could have lost my eye sight .
0	that _num_ minute drive there and back is n't so bad !
0	i thought my pedicure was okay but it looked like i did it myself .
0	i walked out without my food and i am very unhappy with them .
0	so _num_ medium pizza 's with one topping each cost $ _num_ !
0	horrible customer service .
0	if you take pride in your product you never send a bad order out .
0	staff had no personality , either .
0	pretty run of the mill bad pizza .
0	how this place could call themselves manhattan pizza is beyond me .
0	this was hands down the worst pizza i have ever had ever !
0	seriously , you can get a better pizza at chuck e cheese !
0	you want your money back ?
0	tonight ordered pizza for delivery .
0	hour and a half later no pizza and no phone call .
0	they finally called us back and told my husband they could n't find us .
0	the food here is way over priced .
0	but i would have to say that the garlic parmesan was mediocre .
0	there was melted cheese on top and i could n't even taste that .
0	the pasta itself was mushy , really mushy .
0	the cheese had no flavor again , it was almost fake tasting .
0	lettuce as meh , but what got me is the ranch was gross .
0	it 's not gross , but it 's similar to little caesar 's .
0	it went straight to the trash .
0	i also have noticed random key scratches on other cars too .
0	wrong !
0	something is really wrong with this place .
0	not happening !
0	they know once a contract is signed , it 's signed .
0	you 're an apartment leasing assistant manager , have a better attitude .
0	its disgusting and in my opinion an unsafe environment to live in !
0	$ _num_ for a _num_ bed _num_ bath !
0	i walked out and will not be returning .
0	total for my basic blood tests now in the neighborhood of $ _num_ .
0	my original appointment was at the beginning of october _num_ .
0	i will not go back here and be treated this way again .
0	would not recommend this medical group .
0	i do n't even know where to start .
0	i have never in my life met a more careless doctor then him .
0	you should always add an extra _num_ hours to your stay at her office .
0	no bedside manner whatsoever .
0	the worst pedicure i have ever received .
0	this place sucks .
0	wo n't make the mistake of going there again .
0	poor customer service !
0	not a good location .
0	no drive through .
0	we were the only one waiting on drinks and service was super slow .
0	and chelsea , her attitude is just as bad .
0	one star because zero is n't an option .
0	this is seriously the worst starbucks location in town !
0	this is not the customer service i am used to at starbucks .
0	worst starbucks in las vegas .
0	( she literally threw the door open and ordered us to leave . )
0	_num_ $ for a few passport picture !
0	do n't take pictures at walgreen !
0	bad customer service and that 's all i have .
0	there 's nothing like being sick and forced to deal with careless morons .
0	i now realize that if you get really sick you 'll be in trouble .
0	stop being too busy to take care of people .
0	zero compassion or empathy for their patients .
0	she informed me that the problem was all my fault .
0	excuse me ?
0	yoga clothing , books , cds , candles and jewelry .
0	yoga is not about wanting and having .
0	i have back problems , so this really hurt .
0	refund is apparently not an option .
0	but , they did n't do it .
0	ca n't say i did n't try though !
0	two $ _num_ nachos .
0	my father is dying of cancer .
0	not to mention , the other food i ate , upset my stomach .
0	poor produce selections .
0	end his suffering at _num_ weeks old .
0	she failed to tell me that she herself was a supervisor .
0	that of course was not an option .
0	i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
0	glad i did n't go with this company .
0	this place was disgusting !
0	i am missing just reading on paper .
0	i said no thanks and went home and ordered the book off amazon .
0	so not much more to report .
0	but that 's not why there are _num_ stars .
0	_num_ star for having an ok selection of cheeses - but could be better .
0	_num_ stars for poor poor poor service .
0	a small cart will be over $ _num_ !
0	the thing that drives me crazy are the long long lines at checkout .
0	gross .
0	no assistance towards close to closing hour shopping .
0	no signs or descriptions of that .
0	if sprouts was n't so far away i 'd go there .
0	i could n't stick around another _num_ minutes to find out .
0	they still have not put a register at the juice bar .
0	she never told me her name and she never asked for mine .
0	i went to this location _num_ times before giving up and driving farther .
0	the reason i gave them _num_ stars , is because the service was horrible !
0	he refused to refund my money or replace the missing sandwich .
0	apparently it was the cook 's fault .
0	and it 's expensive as hell .
0	it honestly looked like a frozen pizza .
0	and ill make this short and to the point .
0	the place has an arcade area on both sides and was relatively clean .
0	we here for their lunch buffet , very disappointing .
0	i was hoping that the food would be its saving grace but no .
0	dry , to greasy , and just horrible .
0	surprisingly , i 've never been to this place .
0	very disappointed .
0	the fried chicken was dry and soggy .
0	it 's not that difficult .
0	the guy working the register taking orders were completely rude !
0	so i asked how late she would be there .
0	then i said $ _num_ is the price .
0	horrible customer service .
0	this place sucked .
0	all the lamps they sold me were crap , made in china .
0	came in styrofoam from hell .
0	terrible service !
0	what a waste of time !
0	took them home and never felt good about the way they looked .
0	a week passed and i tried them on again .
0	the annoying guy is the assistant manager or manager .
0	guess this is not my place .
0	where has the concept of customer service gone ?
0	do not use this company when renting for special occasions .
0	you could n't recommend taking it to a different location ?
0	they did n't offer a refund , or assist in any way .
0	it 's not worth it .
0	go anywhere else , go somewhere where `` renting '' is their business .
0	i just hope our review will help others .
0	absolute worst customer service .
0	the store does not stand behind their products .
0	wednesday comes along and we are ready to pick up our suits .
0	i would definitely not recommend this place .
0	hardly even talked !
0	worst experience i have ever had !
0	very disappointed in the quality and service .
0	if you want decent food with bad service , then check it out .
0	after seating us , our waiter introduced himself as alfredo .
0	ugh , i will not be returning .
0	i could n't eat any of it .
0	i should 've went to subway for a $ _num_ meatball sandwich .
0	the owner here is clearly incompetent .
0	the marinara sauce was gross too .
0	the tomatoes tasted off beat and kind of old .
0	the ravioli was cold in the middle leaving the cheese to be gross inside .
0	the cesar salad was disgusting .
0	the lettuce also tasted dirty .
0	the food was just gross , limp fish and the service was bad .
0	what made the whole thing worse was i was starving .
0	but the menu does n't have a good selection .
0	was not impressed with this restaurant ... .
0	guess i should have just ordered sushi !
0	prices are on the high side , our bill was about $ _num_ !
0	i would never go to this location again .
0	every time i have went here , the food has been hot garbage .
0	but to me , it does not taste fresh at all .
0	it was good but did not blow me away , kinda disappointing .
0	salad so i was expecting more out of the dinner salad .
0	oh !
0	it 's depressing , actually .
0	we went here for a corporate holiday lunch and i was very disappointed .
0	my main concern is the woman that organized our tables was so rude .
0	she alone , is the reason i will not be going back , ever .
0	they could not believe the waitress was still there .
0	overall the ambiance is loud and crowded .
0	it 's been going further and further downhill for a few years now .
0	one at the town square is way better service .
0	every time we go back , it seems to be worse and worse .
0	this place is just lame !
0	the food was nothing over average .
0	i 've never been a fan of this place and i 'm still now .
0	it 's not like the claim jumper of prior that i remember .
0	usually this place is busy .
0	horrible !
0	racist ?
0	do n't waste your time or money on this place !
0	truly a shame .
0	we waited _num_ minutes before receiving any drinks .
0	sour pasta and tiny $ _num_ salad !
0	my daughter even said my pasta was better than their attempt at cooking !
0	my last visit , however , i was disappointed .
0	the service was very disappointing but the food as always is delish .
0	he was not friendly , never asked how our food was .
0	then we sat for another ten waiting for him to bring it back .
0	the `` complimentary '' bread they gave us was awful .
0	stale and flavorless .
0	on another occasion , there was plastic wrapping in the burger .
0	the bloody mary i ordered was just mediocre .
0	we will never dine at this place again .
0	i ordered a stuffed baked potato .
0	i was frustrated and just wanted to leave .
0	it was not crowded and we chose to sit in a booth .
0	well honestly , i could n't because it was horrible .
0	after about _num_ minutes , the waitress finally came back around .
0	finally on sunday , justin called me .
0	visited last night ( perhaps for the last time ) .
0	vegetables are n't included either .
0	luckily , they did not charge me for the salad , just the beer .
0	not the waiters fault .
0	will not be back ... dirty dining .
0	i ordered the soup and salad off the lunch menu .
0	i wound up paying more for my salad than the soup and salad .
0	either way i will never go back .
0	this last time there was no excuse .
0	when asked , the waiter said that there was no ham when we ordered .
0	needless to say that we will not be going back .
0	my wife had the absolute tortellini .
0	it was ok , nothing special .
0	when he comes back he states he would take off half the bill .
0	just bad .
0	like they had been sitting under a heat lamp all night .
0	there used to be a spice to it but now it tastes like nothing .
0	terrible .
0	cold tasteless food .
0	baked potato was burned and ribs were cold in center .
0	just called to make a reservation .
0	i will never return to this restaurant !
0	she said it tasted like it was frozen .
0	this is by far the worst company you can ever work for .
0	rude receptionist .
0	this location sucks .
0	rude and unfriendly employees on multiple occasions .
0	biggest issue is the store needs a major update .
0	went today to find a turkey and peanut oil , well they sold out .
0	your out of turkey s _num_ days before thanksgiving ?
0	boy are you dumb .
0	lesson learned , never buy from sams club .
0	he said that service stopped in _num_ .
0	she told me i would have to get the number to call from them .
0	he then apologized and got off the phone .
0	he gets _num_ stars no one else there does .
0	oh none !
0	this place is rude and slow as hell .
0	wish i could give a negative star !
0	new management is horrible .
0	no letter .
0	no phone call .
0	the management here is so so horrible .
0	it took _num_ weeks for my dryer to get fixed .
0	nothing has changed .
0	comment below is the same line of crap you post to every online complaint .
0	oh wait , you probably wo n't fire yourself ... .
0	your money is better spent elsewhere .
0	staff lacks knowledge and professionalism .
0	substandard apartments are not worth the price you pay for them .
0	not just the grass .
0	combination of lazy dog owners and lazy management .
0	and you wo n't have dog poop everywhere .
0	- worst management ever .
0	still have a request from over a year ago that has n't been completed .
0	do not let this place fool you !
0	there 's no security .
0	this is hands down the worst management ever .
0	ive only been here _num_ months and am already fed up .
0	for example , i recently filed a maintenance request for a broken toilet .
0	it took _num_ days to get someone to even come look at it .
0	i called monday and they said nothing was here .
0	would n't recommend until management works on friendliness and communication with residents .
0	after over a week they finally got it fixed and management did nothing .
0	the girl was nasty and said i do n't know let me look .
0	would n't recommend until management works on friendliness and communication with residents .
0	she broke my lease for me and put me on month to month .
0	this place looked promising online .
0	_num_ hard hits to my credit ?
0	are you kidding me ?
0	further , every time i call the office , no one returns my call .
0	unfortunately , this was by far the worst place i 've lived that .
0	she just did n't care and said too bad .
0	it 's safe to say , something 's seriously wrong here .
0	and i bet you 're management is incompetent enough to post another lame response .
0	over the weekend i was packing to move and went to shower .
0	a notice would be nice at the very least , do n't u think ?
0	speaking to someone at the front office is nearly impossible via phone call .
0	no response only a welcome email .
0	fail !
0	bad service and no bacon ?
0	it 's not even worth the buy one get one !
0	i feel like they 're annoyed that i 'm there .
0	so i get my bagels ( if they have them ) and bolt out .
0	the order was wrong on the _num_ visits and the coffee is cold .
0	the bagels are ok , as is the coffee .
0	when i walked in this morning i saw all new faces .
0	if you see her avoid her and her attitude .
0	why i came back here today i have no idea .
0	i 've given this place too many chances and they 've disappointed every time .
0	do not go there unless you like be treated by very rude people .
0	very disappointing experience .
0	ca n't believe i gave it a second chance .
0	stopped by for a quick bite .
0	however , i 'm greatly disappointed today .
0	i could n't stand it .
0	sadly , i was wrong .
0	it 's hard to imagine that my order rarely comes out right .
0	so this past weekend i stopped by in the morning and ordered my usual .
0	management needs to wake up and hire some competent people .
0	sandwiches are pretty skimpy on ingredients and came out dry .
0	the bagel did n't look like it had been toasted .
0	horrible service .
0	do n't bother with this location !
0	she could n't figure out how to change the register and kept laughing .
0	this issue alone would n't have caused this review .
0	if i did n't have a life i would make an official complaint .
0	i will never go back there .
0	side note , i could n't give zero stars or i would have .
0	do not understand what their system is .
0	it does n't make any sense .
0	go to one of the other locations , you will not be disappointed .
0	really bad service .
0	this is nuts all i did was take a shower in the tubs .
0	but their management is not very good .
0	i walk in and workers will see me but ignore me .
0	this may be the reason i get ignored .
0	so disappointed in this store .
0	one star is too much for this complex .
0	the microwave is so old and stained in a yellow and orange color .
0	enough of this nonsense and incompetence .
0	no one is coming to fix anything .
0	cant wait for my lease to be up .
0	i 'm told to wait _num_ months to get my deposit back .
0	every day they hold my money is a day too long .
0	disgusting .
0	eating it , however , is out of the question .
0	stopped by here for a quick dinner on a late sunday night .
0	not impressed .
0	: priceless !
0	the beer cheese just really did n't work .
0	i had to add barbecue sauce to a filet to make it not suck !
0	@ olive deep dish pizza - this just was n't that good .
0	deep dish is suppose to be packed full of flavors .
0	our group did try it and it was n't that bad for many .
0	that 's annoying !
0	it 's just a weird and annoying feature of eating out .
0	however , i wo n't hold my breath .
0	i do n't know that i would come back here .
0	he said they were some of the worst he had ever had .
0	there goes $ _num_ .
0	there goes $ _num_ down the drain .
0	the kind of dough that you get from pizza hut .
0	the service was spotty .
0	must be a beer thing , cuz the food sucked .
0	i so wanted this place to be great ... unfortunately , it was disgusting !
0	i used to go here but never again ... this place has horrible service .
0	i 'm sure they wo n't even care about this review .
0	this wo n't take long .
0	absolutely terrible food .
0	clearly not remotely fresh .
0	french fries were stale as hell and cold .
0	i was craving some great cracker thin , crispy style pizza .
0	waitresses were more worried about the bartenders .
0	we have two kids , so have to sit in the restaurant .
0	i know they do not care , but we will never go there again .
0	if i could give zero stars i would !
0	do n't give them any of your money !
0	how i wish i had anything that good to report about my steak sandwich .
0	my husband and i could not .
0	never ever will i go to chicago brewing company after my experience tonight .
0	you have just lost a lot of business .
0	cheers to even more business lost for you guys tonight .
0	baked ziti , gone !
0	i literally have no reason to ever return to this place again .
0	this place just does n't care about it 's customers .
0	and of course , the calamari was like chewing on a rubber band .
0	no more ranch chips ... .
0	so sad to see another good restaurant go downhill .
0	wo n't be back .
0	no reason to come back especially with better in the same shopping center .
0	their staffs are quite rude .
0	would never recommend .
0	the visits seem to get worse and worse .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
0	not nyc style pizza .
0	so you get $ _num_ off ? ''
0	at checkout , he wanted to charge me $ _num_ something .
0	i told him that total does n't seem right .
0	the marsala sauce was very subtle and it was more like a buttered pasta .
0	unfortunately , yesterday , not so good .
0	my husbands spaghetti and meatballs arrived again without utensils .
0	sorry , but this place is only average .
0	crappy customer service !
0	same price as actual pizza from long island areas .
0	they would not refund me unless i brought it back .
0	dont waste your time with this place , i wont again .
0	for a place to claim ny style , it definitely fell under par .
0	the sauce was horrible , with a nasty after taste .
0	got home and found out the shrimp was not cooked , at all .
0	i wo n't be going back .
0	so , i 'm posting them all over the internet .
0	not a thing on my plate was edible .
0	i just know that they were terrible .
0	i could n't eat more than _num_ bites before i had had enough .
0	it 's pretty insulting , if you ask me .
0	it did n't taste like shit .
0	when i think of raw food , i think salads .
0	unfortunately i can not pin point what the smell was .
0	gross !
0	so i had to wait until i finished the meal .
0	and there 's no mentioning of cold soup in the menu .
0	no . ''
0	was so excited about trying this restaurant .
0	literally one of the worst meals i 've ever had !
0	so disappointed .
0	when i say `` god awful '' i 'm not exaggerating .
0	`` thanks for the spoon but it still tastes like crap ! ''
0	they have it laid out horribly .
0	the biggest disappointment was the service .
0	so disappointed .
0	and did n't even take it off the bill .
0	what a horrible experience .
0	it smells like socks and dirty shoes .
0	the place was ok but the guy working there was awful .
0	not as easy as it looks or maybe its just not my thing .
0	not very big .
0	he tried to kick is out without our money back .
0	he ended up printing my papers one by one , all _num_ of them .
0	i wo n't be going to that location .
0	this happened _num_ times before we got anything .
0	but i do n't spend money where i am not respected .
0	very unhappy with our experience .
0	i like wendy 's food , prices , etc .
0	huge disappointment .
0	absolutely horrible customer service .
0	the female manager with red hair is rude and lazy .
0	fucking joke of a establishment ... you guys give wendy 's a bad name !
0	unbelievable ... and these are the people wanting $ _num_ an hour ?
0	go on google and read their other terrible reviews .
0	stay away !
0	why would he want to live where management is ridiculous !
0	there was only _num_ other table there eating other then us .
0	not so much last sunday .
0	but getting rid of an excellent kitchen staff does n't make sense .
0	let me say that again , half off all alcohol .
0	the marinara sauce was super overpowering to some really mediocre mac n cheese .
0	such a shame .
0	barely any breading on it .
0	i have no problem with that .
0	had to bring back repair , steering went out with family in car .
0	i gave a _num_ because i ca n't give a zero .
0	the fact is the car blue book value is about $ _num_ .
0	she has no professionalism .
0	she also screaming at me `` i am not an idiot '' several times .
0	lose the tie douche ... .
0	you do n't smell like money .
0	the reason for _num_ star ?
0	it 's _num_ for cable even if you do n't watch .
0	and have a common sense of courtesy to anyone below me .
0	they just started allowing dogs so everyone ran out and got a pit bull .
0	first , the break ins .
0	i would suggest that people do n't waste their money here .
0	wednesday january _num_ .
0	why do businesses do this to people that are just trying to survive !
0	i had some steering and alignment problems from collision damage .
0	these guys rip you off and overcharge for used parts .
0	worst customer service ever !
0	no clue why .
0	worst place ever !
0	they do n't honor yelp check ins .
0	just picked up my _num_ items .
0	two pairs of jeans to be hemmed and a sweater for dry cleaning .
0	the sign says go inside for quarters to use self wash .
0	am i missing something ?
0	no `` thank you '' or `` have a nice day '' .
0	so we left without buying anything and with no information .
0	it was n't worth it .
0	thanks : april .
0	terrible .
0	what can i say horrible in a million ways .
0	just to much bad bad experience here .
0	last week i went in to find the manager sleeping on the job .
0	a friend took me here once for karaoke -- apparently it goes pretty late .
0	hello , this review is on the karaoke portion of the bar .
0	they had me wait _num_ minutes just for a menu !
0	there is also a one drink minimum and the drinks are not cheap .
0	never again , do n't waste your time !
0	do n't play favorites .
0	this is a business , not a private party for all of your friends .
0	skip the dance party .
0	it is n't super fancy by any means , but it is o.k .
0	there was nothing special about the salad .
0	but it was n't bad either .
0	it just gave the fries an extra crunch to them .
0	all-in-all not worth the extra calories .
0	there are a lot of angry , drunk women who come through that door .
0	his response `` i 'm busy you have to wait '' .
0	she refused to adjust the bill .
0	drinks are overpriced and the service is very slow .
0	the place was dirty , outdated , and just not fun .
0	if you are not a regular , you are basically worthless there .
0	wrong !
0	most recently , i went on a very slow weekend night .
0	not drinking alcohol at all !
0	do n't do n't do n't waste your money !
0	today i walked in .
0	i was sent back into the restaurant by the bartender working .
0	still no waitress .
0	was not polite at all .
0	ridiculous !
0	this place sucks .
0	the biggest discount they had was _num_ % !
0	but i did n't , which is why i am writing this review .
0	needless to say , i am so disappointed .
0	i wanted to like it , it just was n't anything exceptional .
0	i 'm not in this to review other yelpers .
0	i noticed the mistake and called them back .
0	and then etc , etc .
0	horrible .
0	i checked yelp to see where we should venture out to .
0	i guess i was let down .
0	they handed us our menus without a word being spoken .
0	please do n't waste your money here .
0	yeah , sure i 'll come back .
0	all of them were bland and very greasy .
0	the worst food i 've ever had .
0	i 'm hoping it was n't boiled horse meat !
0	not sure what made the same staff have such a bad attitude change .
0	so my group member reluctantly ate it .
0	bottom line : service : thumbs down .
0	food : thumbs down .
0	would not recommend to anyone .
0	there was some weird after taste ; i could n't figure it out .
0	this is the first time i am writing a review on yelp .
0	this place has the worst customer service ever !
0	his english is somewhat limited i think .
0	but it didnt stop him from being extremely rude !
0	wish i could give it no stars .
0	so minus _num_ stars for making me sick .
0	and this place has a b rating so that explains it !
0	does any of the cooks have any taste buds ?
0	both tasted off , nothing what i was expecting .
0	would not recommend .
0	tables are sticky , food just sitting out in the open .
0	_num_ min .
0	she is very unprofessional and does not follow through on anything !
0	avoid .
0	avoid avoid avoid !
0	will definitely not get a port of subs sandwich again .
0	i went to this particular location and it was kind of dirty .
0	i 'd give _num_ stars if i could .
0	rude , rude , rude .
0	do not bother with her terrible attitude and old ice cream .
0	just had the worst service ever !
0	truly rude .
0	this past week i went in there to buy _num_ cakes .
0	one bite and i tossed it out .
0	an employee made a mistake and over charged me $ _num_ .
0	do n't want to have to clean after the customers have all been helped .
0	that 's disgusting .
0	this place has the worst customer service ever .
0	the customer service is very poor here .
0	go the hell away , or get new management .
0	just disgusting .
0	not my favorite place to go .
0	i refuse to eat there again .
0	where the hell is the manager ?
0	by far the worst baskin robbins in town .
0	i have tried _num_ times to give this location support .
0	i will not support this location anymore .
0	the wait times and lines here are ridiculous .
0	we got them and paid , no thank you no eye contact .
0	i have never paid extra for it before .
0	at this point she said `` then i ca n't do anything '' .
0	and do n't be rude to customers .
0	she refused to schedule me , so i quit .
0	if you 're looking to get a cake , go to another location .
0	her decorating skills are mediocre compared to the other locations .
0	i know one think cold stone down the street much better service !
0	rude asian woman runs this franchise .
0	made me feel uncomfortable and i will not be returning to this location .
0	i really do n't care about $ _num_ .
0	last two times have been a disaster .
0	i will not be going to this location again .
0	size wise there is no change and should have no extra charge .
0	she is horrible !
0	when i picked it up there was n't a nose or eyes on it .
0	do not buy your cake from here .
0	their customer service skills are definitely lacking as it shows on their yelp page .
0	i will not be back to this location for treats or a cake .
0	the only thing that tasted decent was the rice .
0	alway a half hour wait .
0	he ordered the rolled beef tacos , i ordered the steak tostada .
0	so i asked for my money back & she would n't even do that .
0	it is a shame !
0	he told me that i only need to work out my back muscles .
0	he asked me the same thing , over and over .
0	absolutely a disaster of a company .
0	but still , i was thinking that sounded pretty good .
0	do not waste your money .
0	please do n't pay the stupid tax that i and others have !
0	very disappointed .
0	my fianc and i used to be loyal customers to this store until recently .
0	they refuse to even look at the vehicle unless we pay $ _num_ .
0	not that i didnt try to go to another mechanic first .
0	they still have n't managed to get the title over to my bank .
0	i will never purchase a single thing there again .
0	absolutely horrible service department .
0	ok storage one is incompetent but , stuff happens .
0	she never checked on the table again , or even looked our way .
0	she delivered french fries instead .
0	the hamburger had gristle and unpleasant hard things in it when i bit down .
0	their pies have even gone down hill , as well .
0	be aware of poor customer service from this lady and staff members .
0	needless to say we did not get peach pie and left .
0	for over $ _num_ the pot pie is definitely not worth the price .
0	finally get my burger and the fries are cold .
0	not the usual flavorful dishes .
0	too bad because we eat here often .
0	why they do n't count for order anyway they ruined our thanksgiving .
0	really , it 's not that hard .
0	my poor nephew ended up not eating anything because he 's scared .
0	that said , the place is clean , very clean .
0	so it 's not a question of sanitation .
0	the kitchen is totally disorganized .
0	we made a reservation for _num_ , they set the tables up for _num_ .
0	we came here for dinner and it was not very good .
0	we left quite disappointed and saying that we would not return any time soon .
0	maybe its more of a breakfast place , i do n't know .
0	but we will never return for dinner .
0	the food was awful and there 's a lot of old people around .
0	third off , i ordered a smoothie and she did n't bring it out .
0	this was my `` last straw '' visit to this place .
0	my husband does n't like it , which is why i went alone .
0	will not be back .
0	cup sat empty twice .
0	but i do n't like giving negative feedback .
0	were done eating .
0	it was chewy bacon with bland eggs and oily potatoes .
0	we have not been back again .
0	well , there goes your french quarter theory , young man .
0	i do n't get this restaurant at all .
0	we will not be ordering from mimi 's again unfortunately .
0	lots of staff , but can never seem to get anyone 's attention .
0	no apologies .
0	i will not be back .
0	the caf could shine if the chefs were allowed to prepare food properly .
0	poor service all around .
0	finally a server noticed me and sat me .
0	when we got in the place was completely dead .
0	not a good sign about the service .
0	it took _num_ minutes prior to being asked about drink orders .
0	the fries were soggy from the spinach on the plate ... meh .
0	not anymore .
0	the only thing we ordered that i really enjoyed was the peach mimosas .
0	so gross .
0	when we ordered they brought us cold hard bread .
0	getting a refill was like pulling teeth .
0	but i guess i might end up going anyway .
0	horrible .
0	mimi 's used to be one of my favorite places to go for lunch .
0	but the last two times i have been i have been less than impressed .
0	this place is n't the same .
0	wo n't be returning .
0	no apologies for having to wait so long for a server .
0	never going back .
0	shame on you mimi 's cafe summerlin !
0	negative zero stars !
0	bad dining experience , will not go back .
0	she was very accommodating and apologetic for what i 'm about to write .
0	went to mimi 's on _num_ and rainbow few yrs back .
0	but our wait time get our food was unacceptable .
0	unfortunately there wo n't be a third .
0	like any soon to be mother , i was a nervous wreck .
0	so i 'm not understanding this procedure .
0	what a terrible business practice of dr 's offices !
0	very disappointing !
0	he seems to really care about your care as well as your little one .
0	omg i 'm sorry but they are horrible !
0	seems fishy to me .
0	holy shit i 'm going to be mother right now ?
0	i go home and hear nothing from my doctor .
0	i arrived early as i know later in the day they get fairly busy .
0	i can get bad service anywhere and spend less money getting it .
0	my experience is related to tire and alignment issues .
0	if you 're not low , then you have a very slow leak .
0	there is no other explanation .
0	we turned and left as well as the couple that walked in behind us .
0	the service is beyond slow .
0	literally waited over an hour yesterday morning to be served _num_ omelets .
0	mind you , this was after already waiting _num_ minutes .
0	i do n't even know where to start .
0	within _num_ mins of being here i have yet to have my order taken .
0	we were starving & i 'm always into having breakfast for dinner .
0	this is where everything went downhill .
0	i should have looked at the reviews before coming to this location .
0	avoid this location at all cost .
0	this was honestly the worst service i have ever received .
0	after another _num_ minutes they came to take our food order .
0	according to some friends at another table , she asked `` really ? ''
0	worst ihop i 've ever been to .
0	no apologies .
0	very rude .
0	waiting for such a long time for only drinks .
0	would not recommend this ihop .
0	i made an appt and they never showed up and never called to apologize .
0	for this late fee i was charged $ _num_ dollars .
0	the main problem with the complex is security and cleanliness .
0	it had n't been cleaned so i asked her to clean if for me .
0	absolutely gross and i had to walk out .
0	i was told they do n't do gel pedicures , and that sucks .
0	do not recommend !
0	wrong !
0	i want to purchase and put on will call a nice big prickly cactus .
0	the manager rushed over to help her and said he would be right back .
0	i am disabled an could not find any one to help me .
0	walked around for _num_ minutes trying to get help .
0	some may find the distance from the strip a disappointment .
0	were the ticket people rude ?
0	were the prices ridiculously high ?
0	but i could n't really get into it or enjoy it .
0	the enchiladas were okay but i probably would n't order that again .
0	lunch for _num_ costs $ _num_ here not including tip .
0	- the servers were okay but you can tell they hate their job .
0	- i had _num_ chicken enchiladas .
0	i would say this is below average mexican food .
0	no bueno .
0	do n't waste your money !
0	worst mexican restaurant meal i have had in my lifetime guaranteed !
0	on a side note , the food is mediocre at best .
0	this is mexican food done american to the max !
0	place is not to clean either tables are sticky .
0	the salsas could have been made from canned tomatoes .
0	macayo 's is just bland .
0	no spice .
0	food is bland !
0	the best of my choices was the sour cream green chicken enchilada .
0	i probably wo n't be back again .
0	the chips are usually decent but this time around they were cold and stale .
0	i do n't know what we 're tipping for when it is this horrible .
0	this place is terrible .
0	very disappointed !
0	none of the employees seemed to care .
0	after this wonderful start to the dinner , things did n't get much better .
0	not like i use to remember this place .
0	( i blame you , husband , for feeding me mediocre food ! )
0	presentation was very boring as well .
0	nope , not happening .
0	i ordered the grilled salmon with green enchiladas .
0	our margaritas were weak , with way too much sour mix .
0	save your money and go to taco bell .
0	smh sad service macayo .
0	gross .
0	not sure who 's putting up these positive reviews ... this place sucked .
0	, but i 'm just going to leave it as this .
0	worst taco i ever ate .
0	my mom got fajitas and they were overcooked and mushy .
0	no , i wan na go home now .
0	how dare you call this mexican food .
0	the beef chimichanga was not at all what i expected .
0	it was more like a giant hamburger stuffed burrito .
0	i hate even giving this place one star !
0	dental exams are free but of course the cleaning is $ _num_ .
0	staff was fine , we were in and out .
0	disgusting !
0	we made the mistake going back to him and oh wow .
0	why are you a vet if you seem to not like animals ?
0	this place is horrible horrific and just bad !
0	the x ray is $ _num_ up front !
0	plus everything else ... just a shame .
0	the dr. would n't even consider that might be right .
0	no concern for my dog at all .
0	but , it gets worse ... .
0	i am very disappointed and do not feel comfortable boarding my dogs here .
0	would not recommend this non personality animal hospital for any animal .
0	not very sanitary .
0	it 's really quite sad that this shop has so many positive reviews .
0	it makes me feel like maybe there 's something wrong with me .
0	when the person answered the phone , they were completely incompetent .
0	it makes no sense .
0	wo n't be going back .
0	excuse me ?
0	nor could they provide any video to the police ( hard drive crash ) .
0	we lost lots of good things and they did n't seem to care .
0	the box still might have tasted better .
0	wan na know what i get ?
0	very little bacon .
0	in other dominos , i get what i ask for .
0	not here .
0	i ca n't quite put a finger on it .
0	worst service i have ever gotten .
0	so congrats to dominos for being the pizza stealing company of the year !
0	( $ _num_ is n't a lot of money but it is ) .
0	i am sorry i am disappointed .
0	no use of public restrooms .
0	the mini mart has potential .
0	i 'll never use this place again .
0	not exactly fresh looking .
0	i 'd probably just go to one of those instead .
0	but will not be going back .
0	if you do go here , i would recommend skipping the hushpuppies .
0	i believe that lazy joe 's fish & chips has better catfish .
0	my husbands food was greasy and too salty .
0	the only things good here are snow crab legs and sweet tea .
0	the service was nonexistent .
0	the tartar sauce was tasteless and was full of big chunks of onion .
0	do n't even give them a first thought .
0	no waiting on wednesday at around 5:30 .
0	very bland , not enough seasoning .
0	i do n't even want to know how old .
0	it just is n't the same .
0	the service was not very good either .
0	very bland , greasy , and the salad bar did not look appealing .
0	the food tasted stale and old .
0	if only the food could match the customer service .
0	snow crab was ok , bland , nothing to brag about .
0	thumbs down !
0	bad sign from the start .
0	maybe that was the intended feel , i do n't know .
0	menu options were fairly limited .
0	i 've never cooked it and bet mine would taste comparable .
0	the rest were ice cold at the bottom and lukewarm up the rest .
0	the owner or manager walked around and greeted people .
0	i could n't wait to leave .
0	no apology .
0	no thank you .
0	was n't real impressed .
0	half the containers for dressing were n't label on the bar .
0	would have preferred to either have bigger legs or less batter .
0	no real flavor .
0	he just looked at me and did n't say a thing .
0	totally unacceptable to have someone in charge who ca n't solve problems .
0	we both kind of lost the taste for fish .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
0	as far as wells fargo goes i 've never had an issue with them .
0	however this particular branch is completely incompetent when it comes to customer service .
0	no thank you .
0	i wish i could give this bank no stars .
0	i am going to now pay their stupid fee and close my account .
0	slow service _num_ days a week .
0	i have nothing but back to back bad experiences with this bank !
0	the bank has not even sent me bills to my home .
0	surprised the lakes would have such a hole in their community .
0	i will not be going back there .
0	came here because of all the good reviews .
0	it was so tough , i could barely eat it .
0	he said the meat was n't good at all .
0	april _num_ update - sadly , lakes has decided to change their breakfast potatoes .
0	they are a greasy mess of potato bits fried with onions and green peppers .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
0	horrible - absolute crooks in the service dept .
0	last time i checked , they are considered fluids , are they not ?
0	they 've done me wrong on so many different occasions .
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
0	should have checked yelp ratings before buying a car here .
0	then they tried to sell us on another honda with less features , etc .
0	i returned the car and got my deposit back .
0	not even a simple hello , or may i help you .
0	she then transferred me to the service department .
0	i told her no , i do n't need the service .
0	wish there 's another honda dealership close to where i live .
0	avoid at all cost !
0	i will never , ever , purchase from honda west again .
0	no way am i advertising for such a dishonest company .
0	worst place !
0	how can i ever trust them again ?
0	this tells me that the service department did n't even look at the van !
0	liars and lazy .
0	at any of the honda locations .
0	_num_ hour wait for an oil change .
0	to never set foot in this very poor excuse for a dealership .
0	apparently your customer 's safety is n't your priority .
0	i used the car for free for a week .
0	be warned !
0	_num_ hours you can get lots of things done ... you know ?
0	i am not talking about accessories .
0	all of these parts should not have been missing for a certified vehicle .
0	what they do n't tell you is ... the deal 's not done yet .
0	you get screwed .
0	that 's a lie .
0	dude , $ _num_ times _num_ equals $ _num_ .
0	tax is _num_ % .
0	if you 're smart , you 'll stay away from honda west .
0	you should have played fair , honda west .
0	avoid the service department !
0	huge mistake .
0	it makes me wonder how they diagnose problems ?
0	honda west needs a complete change in attitude towards it 's customers .
0	honda west does n't get it .
0	horrible customer service !
0	_num_ and have not heard anything back by phone or email .
0	this case will be against the honda care .
0	honda care and honda west are _num_ different companies .
0	maybe they do not understand the concept of the warranty nor the customer service ?
0	to top it off he did n't even apologize !
0	friday night it got worse , running hot continuously .
0	thank you honda west , for absolutely nothing .
0	terrible customer service .
0	stay away from these evil dishonest people !
0	their _num_ star review says it all .
0	this time we had to hand over another $ _num_ .
0	never again will i go to this location .
0	honda worst maybe ?
0	sales i had no problem , but be careful after getting your car .
0	they have absolutely the worst customer service after buying the vehicle .
0	i do not want strangers to buy from them .
0	i 'd rather go somewhere but not this place .
0	i called the dealer and they never called me back .
0	i would recommend to stay away from them .
0	they do n't care about you once you have left the dealer .
0	why would honda west blatantly lie ?
0	horrible customer service .
0	car would not start so i brought it in .
0	ended up being the starter motor , and $ _num_ .
0	stopped using service financing .
0	i wo n't go back .
0	given history with them i left without making the repair .
0	well , they just blew me off .
0	moving forward _num_ months , i 'm now getting honda west 's emails again .
0	just avoid this place !
0	he tried to use the guilty conscious on us .
0	so thank you for the experience .
0	after picking up my honda later that day they told me they did a .
0	they will overcharge you for services which are not even remotely required .
0	wish i could give _num_ stars .
0	what an incompetent salesperson we dealt with at honda west .
0	stay far away from this dealership !
0	this is the worst dealership in las vegas .
0	i brought my car to honda west because its still under warranty .
0	this dealership needs to be shut down .
0	i had never been mad in my entire life .
0	i only live ten minutes away .
0	avoid this place at all costs !
0	do not go here for your car service !
0	no one asked me if they could help .
0	he was already trying to slip out of the situation .
0	i drove one and fell in love !
0	this company is horrible .
0	but i will not be going back .
0	& now i am pissed off .
0	final thought : unless my arm falls off i 'm not going back .
0	do not go here unless it is a life and death matter .
0	even then , if you have options take them .
0	i spent _num_ hours waiting here .
0	cash patients pay a fee of _num_ .
0	the quick care opens at 8am .
0	now , the receptionists at the front desk are extremely rude !
0	if i could give this place negative stars i would .
0	the patient service here is extremely slow .
0	no `` bedside manner . ''
0	not a long wait which was great .
0	seems they just want to drive as many people away as they can .
0	he saw us as a check not a patient .
0	he has not slept much in at least two nights because of the cough .
0	they did apologize that they only have one physician on staff .
0	if i go back , i would n't do it .
0	will not be back .
0	after ordering we waited _num_ mins between food deliveries .
0	total time in restaurant was _num_ hrs _num_ mins .
0	i 've decided personally not for me though .
0	this is really where i was n't enjoying our experience .
0	no thank you .
0	_num_ ) _num_ minutes for _num_ sodas and _num_ drink from the bar .
0	also , never got my ice water , how hard is that ?
0	unfortunately - we wo n't ever be back to this las vegas location .
0	the place was virtually empty !
0	would definitely come back for just dessert fondue , but not again for dinner .
0	the apples make it so it 's not too intense .
0	i would give it _num_ stars here for that .
0	worst service i 've ever had .
0	i do n't even understand the point in treating us like crap .
0	giving _num_ star because of the rude service we encountered .
0	i have never had such horrible customer service where i 've walked out .
0	we rather spend our money elsewhere and get greater value in return .
0	no way i 'm stepping foot inside that horrible place again .
0	left there wondering why did n't i just stop by mcdonald 's .
0	please do n't waste your time or money here !
0	incredibly rude staff .
0	the server was cold and seemed less than thrilled to be there .
0	this was our first time and not one manager came by to say hello .
0	do not bring your pet here .
0	this has nothing to do with the doctors !
0	but this phone call was very off putting .
0	if i could give a half star , that would be more accurate .
0	problem here is i will have questions and he does not answer them .
0	he never responded to them and today is friday , his office is closed .
0	it can mess with you for weeks .
0	he does not care .
0	so i wait and browse .
0	i have three dogs .
0	i could n't even tell my dog was groomed except her butt was shaved !
0	i have been using snooty pets for the last four years .
0	i went straight to the vets office , id rather be safe then sorry .
0	now , i am aware cutting a dogs hair can be difficult .
0	how dare you write back such a snooty comment ( no pun intended ) .
0	they demanded that we pay the hospitals past due surgery fees .
0	i will not come back to this restaurant anymore .
0	terrible service .
0	no meat , no mushrooms , no shrimp , etc .
0	the beef w/ broccoli was very plain .
0	the broccoli was old , i could taste it .
0	and be warned that tellers have no interest in helping .
0	very disappointing recent experience at around 1:30 pm on a wednesday afternoon .
0	my sandwich would usually feel as heavy as a brick .
0	i might as well have gone to subway .
0	never coming back here again .
0	now the black female is giving me dirty look and rolling her eyes .
0	this is very unfortunate .
0	i ordered a meatball sandwich and it was the worst tasting sandwich ever .
0	the sauce was burnt as was the meatballs .
0	i spent $ _num_ on this sandwich and had to throw it out .
0	try another location for the same sandwiches .
0	no attention to customers .
0	quickly .
0	that was just money in trash .
0	i know what i 'm there for ... the bobbie .
0	it 's a mess .
0	so many people working today and they all still manage to mess everything up .
0	spending $ _num_ at the place i just wish they check my order thoroughly .
0	plenty of lettuce , not enough toppings .
0	lots of meat , toppings , and sauce !
0	my advice is avoid this place if you can .
0	go to in-n-out or fatburger instead .
0	we 've given this place multiple chances and they are definitely hit or miss .
0	now i am new to vegas and was n't familiar with the location etc .
0	why is it so difficult to get an order correct .
0	went at 11:30 p.m and of course closed , are you kidding me ?
0	the woman that assisted my husband and i had the worst attitude .
0	too cheap to pay for a few cashiers to help customers .
0	there is never anyone here to help you .
0	i made the mistake of buying some major appliances through home depot .
0	this store is a waste of time .
0	associate was an ass with an attitude .
0	purchased closet doors , including install , _num_ weeks ago .
0	three weeks go by , and no call .
0	that was four days ago , ... and no call .
0	store sells part for _num_ , web site says _num_ .
0	all the more reason to fix , right ?
0	no worries , i was n't in any hurry anyway .
0	so we stood there waiting for about _num_ minutes until someone finally helped us .
0	it 's unfair to everyone .
0	the customer service is really lacking .
0	they really have no concern in their customer loyalty or keeping customers coming back .
0	now we 'd wasted _num_ minutes of a _num_ minute lesson .
0	the worst part ?
0	nope , nothing .
0	locker rooms lack in every way .
0	i was hoping to not have to write unfortunate review .
0	additionally , the pool and facility is often dirty and unsanitary .
0	the locker rooms are horrible and nowhere to put your stuff .
0	i have talked to a couple of girls who just do n't care .
0	she called in sick several weeks and quit .
0	it 's been _num_ or _num_ days and no manager call .
0	so because of their policy , that 's _num_ paid classes down the drain .
0	so loud between instructors trying to explain and kids trying to learn .
0	i then lost all interest in the class .
0	the front office and their terrible policies and the fact that nobody knows them .
0	wait you charge me because your computer system sucks ?
0	he was a late walker but that should n't prevent him from moving up .
0	do n't buy a class here .
0	horrible sales person today .
0	he then told me he did n't know where he was .
0	i informed him i would be willing to wait for the manager .
0	it would have solved my problems and headache .
0	i was amazed too think if this is the way they treat rental customer .
0	cause never know maybe get hooked on it come back get mountain bike .
0	talking too the workers get you nothing but headache ... .
0	i only learned there was a problem when it was mia _num_ days later .
0	and i will , but i will not buy it here .
0	he could n't answer my questions .
0	i guess the good news is i left with all my money .
0	the lines are always terrible .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
0	i just walked out after being in line for at least _num_ minutes .
0	the worse bank of america location .
0	same as all the the other banks .
0	and that is only with a short line of _num_ or _num_ people .
0	the food is nearly terrible .
0	kabobs and such are not done right here .
0	mediocre .
0	that 's where the good stuff ends , though .
0	stick to the hookah , get food somewhere else .
0	great for appetizers and hookah , bad for dinner .
0	no offer of dessert , nothing .
0	first regret , the specialty cocktails .
0	margaritas were ridiculously too sweet , and i read through the ingredients .
0	followed up with a complaint to their corporate office .
0	next time we could receive a comp dinner for _num_ .
0	that 's not the point .
0	we are talking _num_ minutes to get a glass of wine .
0	great menu of choices and specials , but highly mediocre food , at best .
0	this , unfortunately , is what they 've become .
0	it 's a _num_ out of a _num_ on a good day .
0	it 's a _num_ out of _num_ .
0	i 'm very easy going but their service is just unbelievable .
0	i went with _num_ girlfriends and we sat in the lounge .
0	it 's ridiculous .
0	completely ridiculous .
0	we could have literally walked out without paying and nobody would have even noticed .
0	but definitely not good enough to make up for horrible service .
0	it was n't even very spicy as i requested .
0	but , they were not that pleasing to the taste buds .
0	so so service , ok ambience , food was bad .
0	if i could leave worse than a _num_ star i would .
0	i called in a lunch for _num_ people _num_ hours in advance .
1	we had the shrimp with vegetables and shrimp fried rice - both lovely .
1	they 're quite generous with the shrimp !
1	go there , eat , enjoy !
1	best chinese food i 've had in a long time .
1	so happy to find george and sons !
1	you actually can enjoy a conversation .
1	the waitresses are friendly and helpful .
1	highly recommended .
1	my favorite place for chinese delivery but wow is it pricey .
1	best place for chinese in the area .
1	i will be going back !
1	we will be back each and everytime we want to eat out !
1	finally a restaurant worth talking about !
1	my appetizer was also very good and unique .
1	i would recommend a visit here .
1	it is always good to find quality local spots when traveling .
1	this is the best chinese we have found in this area .
1	the food is always fresh and tasty .
1	i was just one of those lucky enough to find this one !
1	both times i have eaten the lunch buffet and it was outstanding !
1	besides that , the wine selection they have is pretty awesome as well .
1	excellent service , good food , and nice atmosphere .
1	all was hot and good .
1	great as always , i love there food .
1	most seafood are my favorite .
1	the taste is excellent !
1	uncle george is very friendly to each guest .
1	the coconut shrimp with walnuts is absolutely delicious !
1	excellent service , too !
1	it 's in my neighborhood , so i 'll definitely be back .
1	clean facility !
1	michael really improved upon the place and did a great job .
1	this albertsons is always very organized and clean .
1	the entire staff is so friendly and helpful .
1	they 're amazing .
1	also , i noticed they now have a claw machine !
1	great hardware section ; even have well stocked kids section with art supplies .
1	frozen organic is pretty good too , so happy you came back .
1	i highly recommend her .
1	she is the best kept secret in scottsdale !
1	they always give honest advice and actually care about the customer .
1	friendly neighborhood place .
1	i 'll definitely use them again !
1	they also have nice selection of vintage jewelry .
1	i had the benefit of finding always unleashed !
1	the ideal place for any dog .
1	i love it !
1	the staff is awesome and i feel very comfortable leaving my babies with them !
1	best dog camp ever !
1	very happy with this place !
1	life long customer here !
1	prices are the best !
1	all of this and their prices are extremely reasonable .
1	they love it !
1	i love this facility .
1	the staff here is also fantastic .
1	it 's awesome !
1	when we drop them off they are so excited .
1	always unleashed get to five star rating from me .
1	thank you always unleashed !
1	great place and great staff .
1	the set up is great for our valley weather .
1	i love annie !
1	she gets the work done and does an amazing job .
1	she is straight to the point and i love that type of customer service .
1	highly highly impressed !
1	love this place !
1	i would recommend her time and again .
1	super fast and accomodating for large groups !
1	i 've lived here for over a year and it 's been very pleasant .
1	great location to stores , restaurants and other amenities .
1	i always take visitors here .
1	i highly recommend coming to visit if you 're in the phoenix area .
1	this is brilliant work with a southwestern flair .
1	i visit phoenix pretty regularly to see family .
1	a tour of the place is recommended .
1	the grounds are beautiful as well .
1	but , if you enjoy architecture , the trip is well worth it .
1	very cool place .
1	phenomenal !
1	highest recommendation .
1	one of the most amazing places i have ever visited !
1	awesome .
1	my husband really enjoyed it .
1	the house was amazing and beautiful .
1	wow .
1	all in all a good tour .
1	all in all -- two thumbs way , way up .
1	wonderful .
1	staff is super friendly .
1	great story .
1	beautiful , funky place !
1	the hour tour does not show everything but it was still good .
1	showed the highlights and the guide was good .
1	great place to see in scottsdale .
1	check the tour times ahead of time .
1	truly a special place .
1	this was amazing !
1	very very inspiring .
1	a very unique place in the nature .
1	it 's nice to see some of his work around the country .
1	amazing !
1	worth the trip to see it .
1	what a beautiful place .
1	the guides are nice and pass one some great info .
1	a must see in scottsdale .
1	a good place to come for a couple of hours .
1	i would highly recommend a visit here .
1	tour guide was friendly and accommodating .
1	i highly recommend taking the afternoon tour .
1	as everyone already noted the docents are incredibly knowledgable and engaging .
1	super interesting tour .
1	amazing !
1	the guide was very knowledgeable , friendly and engaging .
1	a great tour and well worth the cost .
1	an enjoyable tour of a historic place .
1	great tour inside the private quarters .
1	even my husband and _num_ yr old daughter enjoyed it .
1	overall the place is better maintained than in previous years .
1	fantastic place .
1	will defiantly stay here again .
1	i would recommend this practice to any and all my friends .
1	i 've been going for about a year now and i 'm very impressed .
1	very easy going and accommodating .
1	best medical office i 've ever been to i the valley .
1	he is an expert in his field !
1	more importantly , he has a wonderful support staff working with him .
1	the staff is wonderful and the doctor was very pleasant .
1	many after school snacks are found at the grocery station .
1	the service is great - fast and friendly .
1	always a smile and friendly conversation ... not some creepy guy behind the counter .
1	great neighborhood corner market .
1	the best meatball sandwiches ever !
1	they just have new owners and they are the nicest guys , ever !
1	clean and friendly .
1	i love this place !
1	what a nice place !
1	i would definitely recommend this clinic .
1	this is most definitely a great staff , dr. , and office environment !
1	animal clinic del rancho is the best .
1	everyone in the office is awesome !
1	i highly recommend you take your pet to animal clinic del rancho .
1	great staff , great doctors .
1	i would recommend them and use them again .
1	the food is excellent not to mention the staff !
1	this place is the best !
1	went into this location and had a great experience .
1	definitely a step up from long john 's .
1	this is a solid location .
1	i love this place !
1	smaller store , but still a decent selection and helpful employees .
1	i had a fun year with those .
1	i 'm completely kidding about the fun year thing .
1	excellent organization helping people all over the world with desperately needed medical supplies .
1	it 's a win win !
1	i love fresh bagels and einstein has a great selection !
1	love it !
1	this location happens to have a very efficient and friendly staff .
1	nice combination of service and food .
1	the fact that they went right ahead and helped their customers is pretty awesome .
1	easy .
1	the club mex is pretty good .
1	there are open again .
1	and until this day the breaks are terrific .
1	bob is awesome .
1	both of these visits really show how honest bob is .
1	bob is the best !
1	the friendly , curious cats are a bonus .
1	he really just wants to help people while running a pretty smooth business .
1	i feel like he 's a part of the family !
1	the owner is extremely friendly and is good at reading a person 's tastes .
1	great little store , unique items , im coming back .
1	good prices .
1	first off , it 's a family owned business and is fair trade .
1	it 's definitely a place to buy that special gift for someone .
1	i love this place .
1	their servers are fun and so are their bartenders .
1	the tempura shrimp was tender and delicious .
1	all in all , we 'll be back !
1	love this place !
1	good for a small stop and satisfy sushi craving .
1	try the monkey collections as they have a good blend of flavors .
1	great sushi .
1	very good sushi over at ra on mill .
1	sat at the bar , it was a nice evening all in all .
1	have fun be safe and good luck .
1	i love this place !
1	i highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good sushi happy hour .
1	great service .
1	we had a very good lunch .
1	best vegas rolls ive ever had !
1	i am definitely a fan .
1	love their happy hour specials .
1	food is always good and out quickly .
1	the service is always good and so is the food .
1	great sushi .
1	i give the servers major credit for keeping a smile on their faces .
1	great for sushi on a friday night , since it 's next to everything .
1	service was good as well !
1	clean , fun atmosphere .
1	great for hanging out with friends or a date night .
1	i love this place .
1	i came in alone after work and sat the the bar .
1	great happy hour .
1	definitely get that .
1	awesome sushi !
1	ra happy hour is always my go to .
1	quality of food is always spot on though !
1	always a go to sushi spot on mill for a good sushi lunch .
1	very good and i always get to much food !
1	aside from the great atmosphere , the sushi is divine .
1	however , the agreed that the sushi was excellent and presentation deserved high marks .
1	very good selection .
1	good sushi place , had some unique creations .
1	service was decent , atmosphere was pretty happening .
1	very cool vibe , great service .
1	very enjoyable mill experience .
1	bartender is phenomenal , definitely recommend for happy hour drinks .
1	good sushi overall .
1	thank you ra !
1	lots of fun .
1	this place is great !
1	such great sushi !
1	i love the dcor as well .
1	very fresh sashimi and true japanese food !
1	give these guys props !
1	the happy hour prices are great and i will be returning soon !
1	gabby is awesome !
1	over all , service was good and food was amazing as always .
1	good food .
1	the spinach and artichoke dip and the fish and chips are super good .
1	a happening and exciting restaurant / bar .
1	great atmosphere .
1	yummy nachos , good local brew , and a cool , laid-back atmosphere .
1	one of the few places in tempe i really enjoy .
1	awesome beers , awesome food .
1	god i love this place !
1	love it !
1	great place for happy hour .
1	fantastic food and atmosphere !
1	it 's a fun place to go with friends or on a date .
1	this is honestly one of my favorite restaurants and breweries in the whole world .
1	i had a delicious chef salad and a side of their beer bread .
1	the burgers are good too !
1	great place to watch a game !
1	this spot is awesome .
1	the beer is fantastic , hop knot being my fave .
1	great for groups !
1	lots of space , and good service .
1	treat get the oatmeal chocolate stout shake .
1	mmmm ... kiltlifter !
1	the waitresses are always cute and friendly and not afraid to pour your drink .
1	the warehouse atmosphere and patio really make the experience .
1	their food is pretty good too .
1	and the prices is good .
1	this is my favorite location .
1	they are my favorite cheeseburgers ever though .
1	as a bonus , the food is really good , too .
1	i loved this place while i went to school at asu .
1	great beers and descent food .
1	great beer , good food , and a great atmosphere .
1	we could add a bar and some tables and sell the beer right here !
1	four peaks is one of my favorite places to go in az .
1	the best ever !
1	it 's a great spot for outdoor seating .
1	everyone knows this place rocks .
1	great place to hang out or eat !
1	they has nice water .
1	the service is always quick .
1	love the rustic , off the beaten path vibe .
1	you will be happy you did .
1	a bit hidden , but worth the find !
1	i love this place .
1	it was wicked hot in here mid afternoon !
1	absolutely amazing and one beer i actually grew a craving for .
1	their beers are tasty and well done , good food and a good location .
1	great food , great beer , great tvs , great atmosphere .
1	solid food , awesome beer , fast , helpful staff .
1	great service .
1	i appreciate the high ceilings and friendly bartenders .
1	always a must have when i 'm in arizona .
1	funny considering its called four peaks .
1	okay , enough of that .
1	decided on the hop knot and the hefeweizen as our favorites of the day .
1	thank you !
1	kilt lifter is their signature beer and it 's a damn good one !
1	one of our favorite breweries !
1	the beer is great as well .
1	you go into four peaks , and everybody there is your friend .
1	definitely worth stopping in .
1	this is a great local spot .
1	love it .
1	great beer , good food .
1	excellent atmosphere .
1	they 're always happy to accommodate special orders from the menu .
1	always a good time and the beer is great !
1	food is better than you ever expect .
1	the best brewery i 've ever been to .
1	the atmostphere is great .
1	this place is great .
1	also got to sample a piece of their tasty quesadilla .
1	fun atmosphere , great beer ( woo woo kiltlifter ! )
1	happy hour runs until 6pm or 10pm to close .
1	the atmosphere is great and the food was delicious as well .
1	perfect place to just hang out and eat , drink , chat , etc .
1	overall i thought the place was good and see myself coming back here .
1	four peaks is a classic institution .
1	so far its definitely top of my list .
1	i love their peach ale .
1	the beer bread sandwiches are terrific and their fries are delicious .
1	it 's a great place to watch any sporting event .
1	this is definitely one of my favorite breweries in arizona .
1	the beer is reasonably priced and is very , very tasty .
1	the nachos are huge and are very good .
1	this place is amazing .
1	the servers are nice and on their game .
1	this place is full of excitement .
1	this is definitely one of those places i could eat at every day .
1	the best time to go is when college is not in session .
1	the popper burger is fantastic and their beer menu is off the charts .
1	this is a must visit if you are in town !
1	i love going here .
1	loved it both times !
1	great brewery !
1	great beer .
1	the servers are awesome and the vibe at this place is great .
1	great place to eat , drink and watch a game .
1	the beer is very good .
1	the kilt lifter filet is juicy and good .
1	quality beer , decent food , good atmosphere , all at a reasonable price .
1	it 's not high brow fare but it is bar food done right .
1	i really enjoy going to four peaks , though it 's always packed .
1	awesome brews .
1	great atmosphere .
1	original in house micro brews and delicious upscale bar food .
1	we shall see !
1	i was just happy they were able to host the event there .
1	of course , it 's a brewery , and they have great beer .
1	one of my favorite spots in tempe by far .
1	the service was top notch and so was the food .
1	i crave their nachos with blackened chicken and their white pizza .
1	the food is always delicious .
1	great burgers !
1	good experience i would have to say .
1	i 'll definitely be back soon .
1	excellent food .
1	excellent beer .
1	excellent service .
1	the food holds it 's own .
1	took this recommendation from the guy working the front desk at the hotel .
1	best bar in tempe .
1	great food .
1	great beer .
1	the pretzels were delicious as well ... i definitely recommend stopping in .
1	my family & friends are always super impressed with the food and the beer .
1	this place has one of the best happy hours ever !
1	they are delicious .
1	great beers , fantastic patio , very good service .
1	best overall restaurant/bar in az ... with the most memories .
1	good food , beer is even better , nice vibe .
1	this is such a fun place .
1	the icing on the cake is that the staff is great as well .
1	always nice and quick to give suggestions .
1	you are a jewel of tempe and i salute you .
1	late night happy hour on pitchers , pints , and apps are a win .
1	i 've been there tons of times , and always have a great experience .
1	the beer is awesome , and the food is really good too !
1	i love this place they have good food and a nice atmosphere .
1	service was great , and i love the inside of this place .
1	worth visiting repeatedly .
1	four peaks wow .
1	love this place .
1	terrific for lunch , happy hour or dinner .
1	super good !
1	i had the enchiladas and i will have them again !
1	it is refreshing great for any day in az .
1	i am a bit of a french fry snob but their frys are good .
1	great bar food , absolutely awesome beers .
1	this place is the best place for great beer and great food .
1	great food that 's affordable .
1	as good as everyone says in their review .
1	and they have a good kids menu .
1	go enjoy yourself .
1	its amazing how many friends i run into everytime i go .
1	a great place to just be .
1	i am a regular , best tasting beer and bar food in town .
1	the _num_ daily lunch & dinner specials range from interesting to outstanding .
1	8th street is an awesome standby , but hop knot is my favorite .
1	they make some amazing seasonal beers .
1	it 's actually my favorite time to go .
1	i love four peaks !
1	amazing !
1	like a party in your mouth !
1	good wings and nice beer selection .
1	great selection of beers , something for everyone .
1	great beer , pretty good food.
1	happy hour might be the best time to go there on a weekend .
1	i highly recommend the beer bread !
1	amazing food and i 'm a vegetarian !
1	the beer selection is superb .
1	loved the atmosphere , service was great and very friendly .
1	we will definitely be back and we will be bringing friends !
1	four peaks is awesome !
1	great food !
1	great beer !
1	great local gem of tempe .
1	the beer is amazing , the food is fantastic and the service is stellar .
1	great burgers and great beer , it 's hard to go wrong .
1	i do enjoy their food and the french fries are bomb .
1	its quieter and fast enough service to eat on an hour lunch break !
1	dislike there 's no parking but its worth walking !
1	love the beer !
1	my girlfriend and i hit this place up on our way out of town .
1	good food , great drinks , great value .
1	the food is pretty good but the beer is why you go .
1	i love this place .
1	the water is the best in town , which is rare .
1	absolutely !
1	great atmosphere ... not your typical bar food .
1	wonderful place to unwind after a week full of exams !
1	they were all tasty !
1	fries are unique .
1	occasionally a really fantastic seasonal will blow through .
1	good beer and great food .
1	the warm pita bread served with it makes it .
1	there is always a big , big crowd .
1	my friend ordered the wings and they smelled hot !
1	service was excellent ( as always ) .
1	the burgers are very good .
1	love so many of their beers .
1	wow , _num_ peaks is amazing !
1	always crowded for a reason !
1	great food and service .
1	there social media presence is wonderful .
1	fries are well battered and very crunchy - just the way i like them !
1	in fact all the food is delicious , ca n't go wrong .
1	this place is fantastic !
1	great food , and i love kiltlifter .
1	thanks yelpers !
1	me and my hubby loved it !
1	to top it off the food was great too .
1	my favorite place to eat in tempe !
1	the beer is even better .
1	great atmosphere .
1	food is always good .
1	always busy for happy hour and on weekends , be prepared to wait .
1	great beer and ambiance .
1	great lunch today .
1	i will definitely order those next time i come here !
1	typical brew house with great local microbrew !
1	great beer .
1	four peaks is amazing !
1	they have indoor/outdoor seating and i love coming here with my friends !
1	great atmosphere and near tempe , so all the beautiful people are out .
1	great beer .
1	it always seems to be busy , which is a good thing .
1	the pizza at this place is surprisingly good .
1	i love the popper burger .
1	the beer , food , service , everything is terrific .
1	everything about the food and beer are amazing .
1	heaven .
1	i love breweries and i love four peaks .
1	the pumpkin porter is one of my favorite beers .
1	definitely a place that you can bring anyone to .
1	i 've always had a great experience with this place .
1	oh and the oatmeal stout was awesome as well ... .
1	the food here is also amazing !
1	friendly service and fun atmosphere .
1	its so nice to have a place like that in phoenix .
1	they go excellent together !
1	great beer made on site and the best `` bar '' menu out there .
1	great service , great food , great beer !
1	food is always very good as well .
1	highly recommend .
1	best brewery food i have ever had .
1	really good food for a brewery and of course the beer is delicious .
1	the service has been quick and friendly .
1	this place is just so good !
1	everyone already knows how good they are .
1	one of my favorites !
1	definitely a go to place !
1	great college town brew pub .
1	amazing beer with a good menu of good food .
1	great beer .
1	8th st ale is my favorite and their southwest burger is so good !
1	thanks for a fun and memorable evening out !
1	great atmosphere .
1	the service is very good and the atmosphere is great .
1	what a fantastic setting with great food and tasty craft beer .
1	great great service too .
1	all _num_ of those beers were amazing .
1	love taking out of towners here for a great experience .
1	they also have great coasters .
1	try the specials ... always amazing !
1	the food is always great too .
1	wow was so smooth and fresh .
1	possibly the best beer i 've ever had .
1	always a winner !
1	they have a great selection of superb beer .
1	another reason for _num_ stars ... their food is just so darn good .
1	everyone loves a craft beer .
1	they do what they do and they do it very well .
1	great place got ta try it .
1	the staff is always friendly and their beers are delicious .
1	honestly have never had anything like it !
1	good beer and food .
1	very busy b/c of the asu football game and the service is still good .
1	price is right and has a good vibe !
1	thank you to arizona state being right down the road !
1	definitely looking forward to going back again !
1	definitely a good place to stop in for a beer and some food .
1	great service at the bar and at our table !
1	the food is delicious every time and the beer is always cold and yummy !
1	their spinach dip is to die for ... literally ... .
1	this is my second time here and everything was perfect - again .
1	the beer is not bad either .
1	four peaks is one of our all time favorites .
1	the fries are amazing .
1	the beer is decent .
1	but first eat the calamari .
1	as well as their seasonal pumpkin porter .
1	sunday brunch is a must .
1	best brewery in az hands down .
1	fish and chips , burgers , wraps ... all delish !
1	love this place .
1	good food and drinks .
1	i recommend the sampler if its your first time .
1	great place !
1	every beer is delicious and all the food is wonderful .
1	great environment , fun on the weekends , and delicious beer and food !
1	good price , good food , and great drinks !
1	a really cool place to unwind .
1	great service , great brews , good food .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	i love everything i get here !
1	very good .
1	yup , as good as it gets !
1	ok ... what 's so unique about this place ?
1	even the water was the best i have ever tasted .
1	the beer is amazing and their food is delicious .
1	good beer !
1	the salmon blt is my personal favorite with the pesto sauce .
1	fantastic local beer .
1	great beers , great atmosphere , great service .
1	great brew house .
1	seriously , i 'm thinking about it right now .
1	this place rocks !
1	get extra jalapeo sauce !
1	the atmosphere is just what you want for a brew pub .
1	will definitely come back .
1	alot of beautiful women work there so that 's always a plus .
1	i love this bar !
1	the food is on point as well !
1	highly recommend four peaks !
1	thumbs up !
1	the service was great even though the place was busy !
1	definitely coming back !
1	service is always quick & friendly .
1	it 's definitely worth the wait !
1	great beer .
1	lots of great flavors to taste .
1	our server was very attentive , and it was an all around good experience .
1	everything here is fantastic !
1	everything was very good .
1	love the burgers !
1	this is my new spot !
1	good pub type food .
1	fun atmosphere .
1	great place for a good time .
1	our server was sweet , and i really enjoy the overall atmosphere and vibe .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	very good beer and very good food !
1	i really like the food here !
1	it 's delicious !
1	great place for a weekend night with with guys .
1	and it 's great for big groups !
1	it was all so delicious .
1	one of the oldest local breweries in az , i love this place .
1	will be going here as often as we can !
1	great atmosphere for beers and food and watching whatever sports you like on tv .
1	i love the fact that they brew their own beers too .
1	great food and a nice atmosphere .
1	a bit heavy but delicious .
1	my favorite place .
1	we everything is excellent .
1	it is worth it .
1	delicious food and great staff !
1	hands down best beer in arizona !
1	very busy but well worth the wait !
1	i went to four peaks yesterday and have to say they are awesome .
1	the food was amazing .
1	the staff was awesome , atmosphere was phenomenal just all around a great experience !
1	great food , beer and atmosphere .
1	my favorite place whether for dinner or just beers .
1	this is where i take out-of-town visitors because it 's always guaranteed to please .
1	they make excellent beers too , way better than other local breweries .
1	they have good vegetarian options , especially for pub food .
1	the menu has recommendations for pairing their beers with certain meals too .
1	great place to watch any kind of sporting event .
1	beer is also worth a try !
1	the service was fast and great .
1	food was great !
1	they 're all sooooo good !
1	the food is so delicious !
1	you can seriously order anything here and it will be amazing .
1	amazing patio at night !
1	perfect for relaxing !
1	good food , awesome atmosphere , great staff .
1	the mix of food and beer is perfect here .
1	wings are delicious !
1	the staff was very good - prompt , smiling , and very helpful .
1	fast service , great beer and amazing food .
1	great place to grab a beer with friends and family .
1	they 're definitely doing something right !
1	amazing food and beer !
1	i love their beer and the food is good too !
1	great local beer .
1	bartenders are very cool and know there beer .
1	this place gets my definite approval !
1	all of their appetizers are great too .
1	good food , good beer , great music , awesome service .
1	the food has been outstanding each time we 've come .
1	a solid _num_ stars !
1	yummy yummy yummy !
1	keep it up guys !
1	i highly recommend the salmon blt .
1	it 's delicious !
1	everyone works together so well .
1	it 's such a good atmosphere .
1	five starts to four peaks , keep working at it .
1	one of my favorite spots to eat in tempe .
1	my family loves this place !
1	this place is amazing .
1	he made sure that our experience was perfect .
1	go check it out !
1	all the beers are great , the salmon blt is a must try !
1	couples , sports fan , and kids are all enjoying this historic brewery !
1	it 's worth the work !
1	great place !
1	had their oatmeal stout wings with their freshly brewed hop knot ipa .
1	we drove a half hour to eat here and it was so worth it !
1	a waitress came to use right away , and the service was great .
1	also the building and patio are really cool , great place to hangout !
1	i got a steak sandwich , and it was ok , not great .
1	happy hour is great and always draws a big crowd .
1	highly recommend going here .
1	try their seasonal pumpkin porter - it 's delicious !
1	great nachos , has tours .
1	beer is a plus !
1	the crowd is loud and young .
1	this brewery is one of the best places to eat in tempe .
1	very good .
1	very nice lunch indeed .
1	i really do enjoy this place everytime i go .
1	the entrees we ordered were also very good .
1	so good !
1	the beer is great , the food is great , the atmosphere is great .
1	my favorite local brewery !
1	it 's always busy , which is a sign of a good place .
1	is on tap , is a beautiful mexican chocolate beer .
1	they have good food and great beer .
1	i love this place .
1	best place in tempe !
1	awesome experience all the way !
1	this place has my favorite hefeweizen ... period .
1	also the salmon blt is unique and delicious .
1	love the food , service and atmosphere !
1	one of the best local brews i have been to .
1	right next to college area so its always packed and parking is a pain .
1	the beers are delicious .
1	both were very filling but delicious !
1	great beer .
1	great food .
1	this place can be family friend or a great place to unwind after work .
1	it is true what they say about the nachos .
1	they are quite delicious .
1	this is probably this best bar restaurant in arizona .
1	everyone is very friendly .
1	tvs everywhere is nice too .
1	so damn delicious !
1	you must visit !
1	the prices are decent .
1	four peaks offers 1/2 pints which i found an great way to do that .
1	great food !
1	this is a pretty cool brewery .
1	they have good food and great beer .
1	they have a great patio you can use in the winter .
1	soooo good !
1	love this place from the brews to the beer and the atmosphere .
1	french fries are bomb and the nachos are the best !
1	you will always leave here fat and happy .
1	my husband liked the 8th street the best .
1	cool facility .
1	the meals were always hearty and delicious , too .
1	great service and atmosphere also .
1	the classic bar foods at this joint definitely take on a more gourmet flavor .
1	the atmosphere , service and location of the place is great .
1	love everything about this place .
1	whether you are visiting or live here , this is the best place around .
1	great place to eat while waiting for your flight .
1	wow !
1	the beer here is absolutely delicious !
1	fish and chips were amazing and the beef dip was also wonderful .
1	very tasty .
1	good stuff !
1	would definitely recommend .
1	the nachos are the perfect starter here .
1	the staff was outgoing , and attentive .
1	the hummus is amazing .
1	beers are awesome plus the food is always on point !
1	so good !
1	highly recommend !
1	good people .
1	good beer .
1	the burger was actually medium rare as ordered !
1	every beer is delicious , my favorites being peach ale and raj ipa .
1	otherwise , it is perfect .
1	great lamb burger .
1	four of us - all enjoyed our meals .
1	busy , loud and fun !
1	good food , good beer .
1	beer is great !
1	food is decent .
1	liked the raj ipa the best .
1	raj for the ipa and oatmeal stout for a smooth delicious dark beer .
1	large portions and the food is well prepared .
1	definitely would come back here again .
1	just go , it 's worth the wait .
1	this is a great little gem hidden in the back streets of tempe .
1	we ordered a chicken wrap thing and honestly its freaking amazing !
1	great food .
1	great atmosphere with a great staff .
1	the jalapeo popper burger is also wonderful .
1	worth the wait on weekends and i certainly recommend going with a group .
1	i wish i lived closer so we could eat here more often .
1	for entrees we got the lamb burger ( outrageously good , so tasty ! )
1	great variety on the menu , something for everyone .
1	fresh ingredients , generous portions , priced right .
1	awesome food and drinks !
1	kiltlifter is my favorite beer by them .
1	our waiter was funny and very helpful .
1	service is great and attentive and always ready to give great order suggestions .
1	the shake is easily the best thing on the menu .
1	so thank you .
1	it 's best to go at `` odd '' times because parking is impossible .
1	best brew in az .
1	love this place !
1	that 's what i call excellent service .
1	very good and affordable food and drinks with lively ambience .
1	worth it !
1	simply love the food and drinks .
1	the food is also excellent .
1	great place to hang out with some friends and enjoy the arizona life .
1	so this my favorite brewery in arizona !
1	i went to bar and knew what i wanted !
1	great atmosphere , fantastic food !
1	casual atmosphere , great service , excellent food .
1	love their peach ale .
1	great place for a brew and a sandwich !
1	everything about this place is sooooo good !
1	love this spot !
1	i 'll definitely be back !
1	little noisy and waited a bit for the good and beer to arrive .
1	well last night they did not disappoint .
1	i love four peaks you have a customer for life .
1	prices are reasonable on both beer and food and portions are filling .
1	my chicken enchiladas were wonderful .
1	best idea ever !
1	the food was great !
1	the lamb burger is amazing !
1	one of my favorite places to go to with friends !
1	great choice !
1	love this place especially during football season .
1	huge layout , tons of tvs and the food and beer are phenomenal .
1	i did n't have any beer , but the food was great !
1	great beer and always awesome food .
1	that hummus was seriously some of the best hummus i 've ever had !
1	it tasted sooooo much better getting it right from the source !
1	very cool atmosphere -- completely different than the typical bar scene in tempe .
1	great vibe , fantastic food .
1	one of my favorite places to hang out .
1	good crowd , nice people , great beer .
1	had the bbq chicken pizza and the sauce was great !
1	atmosphere is fantastic .
1	four peaks is always great !
1	very impressed with the drinks , food and overall vibe of the place .
1	definitely recommend .
1	staff is very friendly too .
1	love the daily food menu !
1	the food is great !
1	fun atmosphere , fun staff .
1	good food good beer try the `` kilt lifter `` .
1	best bar food ever .
1	excellent staff !
1	great selection of beers but of course and the food is pretty good too .
1	along with nice hh apps !
1	not only is their beer absolutely fantastic , but their food is incredible .
1	where else can you find a brewery with food this great .
1	you got ta try one of the daily specials .
1	from family to friends , this place is a local favorite !
1	we 'll definitely be back for more .
1	great brewery !
1	parking can be a challenge but definitely worth it .
1	our waitress however , was fantastic ( and so were the bartenders ) .
1	this place is amazing !
1	the managers were so friendly and made sure that we were taken care of !
1	the staff were all so sweet and so quick with great quality service !
1	great place for a good beer .
1	pumpkin porter is amazing when they have it .
1	favorite menu items are the arizona rolls and the popper burger .
1	lively place .
1	we had a good time .
1	not only have fantastic beers but they also have delicious food .
1	great food , and their crafted beer is amazing .
1	the southwest burger is simply amazing .
1	the food is great as well .
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	my husband and i travel a lot and a brewery is always involved .
1	the best thing four peaks did was add the kale salad ... .
1	helpful & cheerful waitstaff , yummy bar food & comfortable environment .
1	it has a terrific patio out front !
1	beer was excellent as well .
1	i was blown away with how good their burger tasted .
1	it 's also perfect for an after work happy hour .
1	i keep going back for more !
1	hip & trendy with drinks and good food .
1	service was ok , but management was excellent .
1	i love the food at four peaks , so yummy !
1	either way , this place rocks !
1	their pretzels go good with a flight of beer .
1	first time here at this place and the beer and burgers were great !
1	very popular spot and i would highly recommend going and will myself go again !
1	the pitas that it came with were perfectly soft .
1	delicious food , chill environment , and the beer !
1	good food , the best eats !
1	very clean restaurant area .
1	both delicious .
1	we were so happy !
1	amazing service , food , and beer of course !
1	an az favorite and a must try ... ... it wo n't disappoint .
1	friendly staff , great atmosphere and people watching !
1	great food , always fun and very friendly staff .
1	a fun place to eat and watch sports .
1	we have eaten here many times and it is always excellent !
1	service : our waiter was great , no complaints !
1	the beauty of this place ?
1	good vibe overall .
1	the double pumpkin porter is wonderful , as is the regular pumpkin porter .
1	the portions are very generous as well !
1	amazing beer .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	so yummy and crisp !
1	food and service always great .
1	one of my all time favs !
1	the beer , food , atmosphere , and service is always top notch .
1	amazing beer menu !
1	the servers were warm and just the right level of attentiveness .
1	my favorite .
1	love the exposed brick walls .
1	the arizona chicken rolls are the best !
1	but still love this place every time regardless !
1	we had one of the best dining experiences at four peaks !
1	the atmosphere is warm and inviting as well .
1	love this place so much .
1	great food .
1	great as always .
1	great food .
1	but the staff is the best .
1	great food and a great atmosphere .
1	we enjoy eating at local places and we were not disappointed here !
1	highly recommend .
1	great food , great beer , and amazing customer service .
1	i recommend the buffalo wings , and nachos .
1	this is my favorite local breweries !
1	the lamb burger and green chili chicken mac and cheese are excellent !
1	love this place .
1	always a good time .
1	good food , good beer , good people .
1	always a great place for beer and really delicious food .
1	also have a great selection of craft beers .
1	always a good place to hangout with friends .
1	goes great with an 8th street ale .
1	amazing .
1	amazing amazing .
1	wow .
1	always great service , great food and great beer .
1	the food is always great !
1	great burgers , the best fish and chips and great beer .
1	great atmosphere to meet friends for fun .
1	one of my favorite bars for a thursday night .
1	great local spot , amazing beer , amazing food , kick ass service !
1	the beer is fantastic and the food is delicious !
1	four peaks is a local gem and has great prices for great tasting beers .
1	their seasonal beers were great though .
1	pretty loud in there and a lot going on .
1	cool place to grab a drink and enjoy some grub .
1	this place is great .
1	the burger was just okay , but the fries they came with were excellent .
1	good service , decent price for what you get .
1	super delicious and huge portions .
1	we are visiting from chicago and really enjoyed the food .
1	over all the atmosphere was nice and the service was great !
1	this place has great beer , great food , and great service .
1	next time we 're in town , hopefully we can return .
1	great atmosphere , top brews and tasty food .
1	best food in tempe !
1	they take amazing care of their staff so come support a local gem .
1	i 'm a fan of the fresh brews and the friendly waitstaff .
1	this is a great place to grab a great beer and bite to eat .
1	the vibe is cool .
1	the two times i have been , the food has been great .
1	fun environment and awesome beers !
1	the best service in town !
1	we will definitely be back .
1	great food , beer , and service .
1	always consistently great !
1	besides all the great beer , the food rocks !
1	the fried chicken sandwich and popper burger are great go to 's .
1	great patio out front and perfect atmosphere inside .
1	their food is just as good as their brew .
1	very chill atmosphere and the staff is awesome .
1	good beer , good food , good people .
1	been going for years and it 's always top quality .
1	favorite place to go any time of the week .
1	this is my first time here and i will definitely be back ... .
1	high-end bar food with several vegetarian options .
1	love supporting the local scene !
1	hope it stays that way !
1	we 've eaten here in the past and the good has always been great .
1	so good .
1	the service and atmosphere was great .
1	the enchiladas are great , believe it or not .
1	i love the kiltlifter and pumpkin porter in the fall !
1	great atmosphere !
1	bam !
1	best food and beer in tempe !
1	very good !
1	our sandwiches we amazing we will be coming back .
1	they come with a dressing that perfectly complements the fried roll .
1	_num_ peaks is seriously one of the best parts of tempe .
1	the owner walks around talking to tables , also a good touch !
1	make sure to try the `` fantastic sauce '' !
1	the staff is awesome .
1	super great happy hour prices !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	this place is amazing .
1	great selection of vegetarian items !
1	they top it with a vinaigrette that makes the roll taste like salad sushi .
1	it 's light and delicious .
1	great great sushi for a decent price .
1	just about everything has a happy hr .
1	great place with a cool college vibe .
1	$ _num_ beers during happy hour !
1	amazing place , best sushi i 've ever had !
1	i will return again !
1	very good sushi !
1	the vegas roll and golden state roll were the best !
1	i see _num_ new faces every time i go in there .
1	best idea ever !
1	they even have a reverse happy hour starting at _num_ !
1	this place has a great happy hour .
1	the drinks and rolls are very inexpensive and are pretty good .
1	great place for groups .
1	the sushi is very americanized , but it tastes pretty darn good .
1	great menu with tons of options .
1	would definitely hit this place up again if given the opportunity !
1	great place to stop .
1	they have a great happy hour and great regular hour pricing as well !
1	thank you guys so much !
1	the rolls are good , sake awesome !
1	love it !
1	both were delicious .
1	had a interesting twist on sushi .
1	friendly knowledgeable server .
1	cool out going sushi chefs as well .
1	their happy hour prices are very hard to beat .
1	perfect location next to asu .
1	not to mention the sushi quality here is good .
1	love it !
1	good sushi , recommend .
1	the sweet potato roll is a hidden gem .
1	i am a fan of this place !
1	it 's all good just some are better than others .
1	tasty sushi .
1	and chelsea ( bartender ) was very pleasant and accommodating .
1	love coming here for the seaweed salad and sweet potato tempura roll .
1	amazing food !
1	great staff and the atmosphere is very comfortable !
1	has a great menu of rolls you do n't see other places .
1	the staff is super friendly , the manager actually engaged in conversation with us .
1	one of my favorite sushi bars .
1	their sushi hour is incredible .
1	my favorite sushi place ... ever !
1	great guy , great conversation , great suggestion , great service .
1	always have a great time here and would recommend it to everyone .
1	great vibe all around .
1	my fav sushi spot !
1	i love this place !
1	service is always good , and the sushi is really tasty !
1	really good sushi for a great price .
1	i will definitely go back .
1	the restaurant has a good atmosphere and there were alot to choose from .
1	this place has the best happy our around !
1	consistently good .
1	will be back !
1	i love going to place , especially during happy hour .
1	and it 's really clean .
1	love the servers , they are very attentive .
1	fast service , friendly staff .
1	great ramen .
1	big fan of the black and yellow and chicken katsu .
1	service was excellent .
1	first place where i was able to find some decent ramen .
1	love the happy hour menu and drinks .
1	everything is always delicious and the staff is wonderful .
1	great variety of sushi and other entrees .
1	love sushi _num_ !
1	all the managers are great .
1	love their iced green tea too .
1	the prices are good and they have a lot of different kinds of subs .
1	love love love this place !
1	i love silver mine !
1	i love that they are open till 3am !
1	you will thank yourself the next day .
1	we placed our order on-line and it was seamless !
1	their sandwiches are always fresh and these people are fast .
1	i 've never personally gone in to the shop .
1	the employee helped me and was so nice .
1	, then rolling hills is the perfect choice .
1	the scenery was very pretty with mountain views everywhere .
1	play it to master your short game .
1	the views of south mountain during sunset are amazing .
1	the price was great at $ _num_ with a cart .
1	recommend .
1	kudos to the entire cast !
1	folks , this place is really a treasure .
1	the instructors are talented and enthusiastic .
1	excellent work !
1	very professional .
1	very impressed !
1	bags and purses - awesome - and really good gift items .
1	it 's definitely worth the time to go & check it out !
1	here on the corner is such a cool little boutique .
1	i love this place !
1	this store is great !
1	cute little shop near asu .
1	they have a great selection of women 's accessories and clothing .
1	here is a cool little shop .
1	also try the refreshing ethiopian wine .
1	if you are adventurous , go check it out !
1	while there , enjoy it !
1	this place is awesome .
1	i love the collard greens !
1	everything is just amazing .
1	the owners are really friendly and helpful as well .
1	it is the best ethiopian i have ever had .
1	highly recommended for those wanting some culture and adventure .
1	inside is a warm and cozy place with yummy food .
1	give it a try , as well to its coffee !
1	enjoyed the atmosphere .
1	i always enjoy eating family style with a group .
1	i enjoyed my experience , and would gladly return .
1	this place is close to my university and perfect for a sunday lunch .
1	we 'd never had ethiopian food and we were very adventurous .
1	their food is so fresh , healthy and flavorful !
1	good .
1	it 's filling , flavorful and inexpensive .
1	it is true .
1	it is fresh and healthy .
1	this is my favorite restaurant in tempe .
1	the atmosphere is usually pretty quiet and the servers are all nice .
1	it 's a great place to experience .
1	they have a cute traditional rooms with cool chairs .
1	anyway , i absolutely love coming here .
1	their angus burger is incredible .
1	it might be a chain restaurant but oh so good .
1	it has just a bit of a kick .
1	i stop here ever time i 'm in the area just for the margs !
1	the complimentary cornbread is good as well .
1	honestly , it is the best mac and cheese i have ever had .
1	had the season grill , and was very pleased .
1	a lot of great flavors on that dish !
1	the margaritas and the shrimp tostada bites are amazing !
1	super service on the patio !
1	great food , nice atmosphere , solid service .
1	great food , service , and atmosphere .
1	they serve a good mix of mexican and american food .
1	best house margarita in town !
1	lovely place for a date or a meal with friends !
1	the food is good and the service was great .
1	i have one chambord and then hit the town .
1	this place is awesome !
1	the cornbread rocks it every time .
1	and it 's free !
1	nice atmosphere , friendly staff , great cocktails and good food too !
1	this place is great for large groups since they have an awesome happy hour !
1	my cousin said his skirt steak was delicious .
1	staff was great !
1	customer service is very good - the servers are friendly and accommodating .
1	best margaritas and cornbread !
1	the cornbread , street tacos and trio salsa are fantastic .
1	they have the best chambord margarita 's !
1	great value , delicious food , nice casual atmosphere .
1	i ordered what i always ordered ... the chicken jerk salad .
1	the tostadas bites are delicious as well .
1	the cornbread they bring out is always hot .
1	we sat outside and enjoyed the great weather .
1	our wonderful bartender , daniel , assisted us .
1	be careful during happy hour .
1	this place is great .
1	they chambord margaritas is my favorite drink .
1	delicious , drinks and dining are always impeccable .
1	the margaritas are delicious .
1	the service has always been on point .
1	i enjoyed the happy hour which comes with corn bread that was amazing .
1	the flavor was very good and the chicken was very tender and flavorful .
1	we like the happy hour selection , even though it was a bit small .
1	very good food .
1	their complimentary cornbread is awesome too !
1	i had the best time at this location !
1	the food was great and the margaritas super tasty .
1	definitely a repeat in the works .
1	all in all a good time .
1	the margaritas are good .
1	so be patient and you will enjoy the experience .
1	be happy to go back , even without kids .
1	one of my favorite restaurants .
1	the experience was pleasant and smooth .
1	the decor is very western and rustic .
1	spacious and easy playing music .
1	the service was friendly and the atmosphere is excellent .
1	i will definitely make another trip there just to order this outstanding meal !
1	it was the perfect size , tons of flavor !
1	i ordered the chicken tortilla soup and that was great as well .
1	i definitely recommend it for people visiting asu .
1	but this place is awesome and i will come back .
1	a pleasurable atmosphere .
1	the food was fantastic and the service was just as good .
1	i love this place and have been coming here for years .
1	the staff were all cordial and car looks great .
1	and they do a good job .
1	they 've done a great job .
1	i like it because it is done completely by hand .
1	it was a good experience overall really .
1	most of the seating is booths , which i really like .
1	plus , there 's almost always a cute server .
1	a couple of good beers on tap .
1	great desserts .
1	definitely a break from the usual subway or jimmy johns .
1	i highly recommend the white widow .
1	the staff is always entertaining and friendly and the subs are tasty .
1	love the hut .
1	i also treat my self to a rice krispy treat .
1	the subs are great and the staff is cool and friendly .
1	i like the white widow the best .
1	they should have one of these in every campus town !
1	i always do .
1	you got ta check this place out !
1	the sandwiches are good .
1	real good besides that .
1	i loved this place .
1	the veggies were fresh and the meats were tasty .
1	love the food !
1	i absolutly love this place .
1	they know exactly how to make the perfect sandwich .
1	one of my favorite sub places for sure .
1	solid food but an easy turn off for people people not into weed culture .
1	i absolutely love the sandwiches here .
1	holy shit , this place is heaven .
1	it felt so cozy and friendly and down to earth there .
1	sandwich 's are always spot on and flavorful .
1	the service , the food , the atmosphere are all amazing .
1	so ... dang ... good .
1	my new tempe addiction !
1	so far my favorite is the wake n bake .
1	i love these sandwiches !
1	i love the spring mix lettuce they offer .
1	this place has fabulous sandwiches and lots of variety !
1	great sandwiches and salads and very nice and fun customer service !
1	peace !
1	love this spot !
1	enough variety to keep me interested every time i roll through .
1	kool-aid is a great touch too .
1	delicious sandwiches !
1	then menu is huge and full of unique and delicious sandwiches !
1	great subs and cool atmosphere !
1	i make sure i hit this place every time i am in town .
1	i freakin love this place !
1	lots of laughs and fun here .
1	mainly , the food , munchies , and drinks are just awesome and quick !
1	a favorite go-to for a delicious sandwich .
1	this is easily one of the best sandwich shops in arizona .
1	everyone here is great , as is the atmosphere .
1	i love the names of all of the creative sandwiches .
1	amazing sandwiches !
1	this location now has local brews which is a nice touch .
1	come here for the best toasted sub in the area .
1	love this place !
1	the subs are so filling that munchies are good for later .
1	amazing .
1	and the people are great here .
1	awesome food selections .
1	welcome home , friend .
1	great food !
1	fun atmosphere and laid back people .
1	got ta love it .
1	friendliest service and best food ever !
1	orange widow is the best .
1	they definitely have a theme !
1	their sandwiches are incredible .
1	service was impeccable .
1	i love their orange widow !
1	amazing food !
1	this place is totally wicked .
1	loved coming here .
1	good stuff too .
1	good food .
1	fun place .
1	jamaican red and white widow are the best .
1	excellent sandwich and salad .
1	pretty good and pretty cheap .
1	we ordered our lunches and headed back to the house .
1	my favorite sandwich shop , hands down .
1	love this place .
1	they have fast service and a great atmosphere if you feel like dinning in .
1	one of the best subs is available at this joint .
1	it 's got a nice bar selection and some really delicious cookies .
1	bread was great .
1	sandwiches are always good quality and the place has a unique atmosphere .
1	you will probably think this place is cute than .
1	the employees are always friendly and the interior is super fun .
1	this place is a gem in phoenix !
1	i ordered the hummus which was actually very good !
1	i 'd definitely eat here again .
1	sierra has stellar customer service !
1	the guy behind the counter was playing his role perfectly .
1	this place has some of the best sandwiches i 've ever had !
1	thank you for the bomb food i will be back soon !
1	thank you again !
1	very nice location , cool staff very friendly , clean inside and ppl .
1	recommend .
1	thanks to the staff at baja fresh .
1	and the food tastes awesome after a night out !
1	ingredients are ultra fresh and they have all the condiments you could want .
1	best customer service at a mcdonald 's ever !
1	the bed was so comfortable !
1	love this hotel !
1	granite counter bathroom with nice shower .
1	continental breakfast has a good variety of hot and cold foods .
1	the hotel was easy to find and the location was great .
1	this place is always very clean and the breakfast was yummy !
1	we have stayed here many times and will continue .
1	that said it was n't terrible and we finally got our room .
1	will definitely come here again .
1	very clean !
1	i would absolutely recommend staying here .
1	great room for a good price .
1	great quality !
1	clean , smells great .
1	friendly , professional staff .
1	nice pool .
1	for $ _num_ a night through expedia this place is pretty good .
1	very cool place .
1	these guys are great .
1	the employees are always friendly and knowledgeable .
1	by far the best in town .
1	the staff is always patient and helpful , usually providing solid , practical answers .
1	they offer kits and great recipes shared by those more inventive !
1	i also really like being able to email in an order ahead of time .
1	everyone who works here is incredibly knowledgeable and very willing to help .
1	now that i 'm at asu , it 's closer than ever !
1	as far as burgers go , this is my absolute favorite place to go .
1	great classic burger and an old time diner feel !
1	very friendly , good service .
1	the food was excellent and will be going back .
1	great selection of burgers and made the way you want it .
1	well worth the price .
1	heaven !
1	excellent ice cream .
1	thank you guys !
1	thanks , rio !
1	their food is organic and grown locally .
1	i recommend any of their salads always delicious .
1	great shop .
1	lovely , lovely place .
1	they also have a good aesthetic clinic , inexpensive yoga classes and loyalty cards .
1	i had a lot of fun at this event .
1	great value .
1	the new location for the yoga is gorgeous inside and out .
1	there is ample parking and everyone who works there is kind .
1	after my first visit , i was hooked !
1	what great customer service .
1	i was very impressed with her .
1	the place is clean and well maintained .
1	book ahead though , because they are quite popular .
1	great place to get a haircut !
1	great place to get a haircut !
1	love this place !
1	this place is great !
1	i love the girls over at grooming humans !
1	my color is great and i love my cut .
1	they saved me !
1	erika was absolutely wonderful .
1	i would definitely recommend coming here and asking for her .
1	she did a wonderful job fixing the cut without losing more length .
1	she definitely has a loyal client here !
1	they have very nice staff members that listen to your needs !
1	kelly is an amazing stylist .
1	holly has a fantastic personality and i always look forward to my hair appointments .
1	grooming humans is a fantastic salon .
1	the vibe is comfortable .
1	i highly recommend .
1	also , excellent business name .
1	love this place !
1	scarlett is great !
1	nice little salon .
1	they are really friendly and make the whole experience great .
1	thanks for a great cut and color !
1	but if you want stylish , great hair , grooming humans wins hands down !
1	thanks a bunch !
1	scarlett does the best hair cuts i ever had !
1	highly recommend to visit her !
1	great staff , nice little shop , and always a first-rate haircut .
1	she did a great job and i plan on going back soon !
1	i love this store , the owner is the coolest guy and super helpful !
1	great location and parking .
1	place is kept clean .
1	our favorite comic book shop .
1	nice comic book store with a great selection !
1	good value too !
1	best haircut i 've ever had .
1	she is a great barber .
1	a wonderful experience !
1	the owner and his crew are frickin ' great .
1	this place is the very best !
1	so i recommend it .
1	the rest of the reviews on here , agree with me .
1	fantastic service !
1	awesome .
1	high quality service and reasonable prices .
1	very friendly !
1	dynamic imports sets a new standard for their honesty and integrity .
1	prices are more than fair and service is always given with a smile .
1	they definitely know their lexus cars , that 's for sure .
1	amazing .
1	they loved bolt .
1	personable , friendly , honest , helpful , and fast .
1	they treat you with respect and do n't overcharge you .
1	they really care about the cars and the people !
1	i have had many mechanics and dynamic imports is the best i 've found !
1	great experience .
1	a great find !
1	good selection of produce and items are usually on sale without a savings card .
1	much better than my other food city i frequent .
1	always has a smile and is very courteous each time i come there .
1	pro : great service , and great price .
1	they love to be challenged !
1	impressive !
1	the store is a great place to find unique music and still get vinyl .
1	good spot .
1	the staff is still friendly .
1	the best part is all the free events they have .
1	great neighborhood music store .
1	these guys are the best !
1	extremely knowledgable , helpful , and just plain fun !
1	the atmosphere is comfortable .
1	they 're always hosting free events like movies and concerts and art shows .
1	also their design for our _num_ year old grand daughter is fantastic .
1	the product always turns out great !
1	this team is professional and go above and beyond .
1	great selection , knowledgable dude .
1	good selection of cigars here .
1	i like the place , i come back if in tempe !
1	great range of cigar sizes , blends , styles , and prices .
1	cute little table outside for smoking .
1	big thumbs up !
1	it 's refreshing to see great customer service these days .
1	thanks guys !
1	the food is pretty good , although the steaks are kind of small .
1	burgers are pretty big and the appetizers are well done .
1	the atmosphere is great .
1	my cravings of food and drinks are always met .
1	what makes this place appealing is the staff and the clientele .
1	it was a good choice .
1	as with most chili 's , the service is great .
1	and this place has excellent service .
1	eric is awesome .
1	they have a great happy hour , too !
1	overall a very comfortable and relaxing experience !
1	i think chili 's has some really good food for a chain restaurant .
1	but chili 's invite it right away .
1	very good !
1	i love their turkey with raspberry jam .
1	i will keep coming back .
1	the outdoor balcony seating offers a nice view of the main strip .
1	service is generally good .
1	the beer selection is quite good and the service was prompt and cheerful .
1	give it a try for yourself and see what you think .
1	definitely bring your group of friends to the place !
1	inside had huge televisions to enjoy watching whatever you wanted while you ate .
1	my family and i tried multiple meals and drinks and loved them all .
1	i will definitely revisit this place when i go back out to az !
1	i love the outdoor patio !
1	great service .
1	i heart mojitos .
1	the waiter is nice and try to seat us outdoor .
1	the atmosphere is hip but it 's also got a mature setting .
1	it is a really great place for young adults and even older ones .
1	great place !
1	so far they are really nice .
1	our server was very friendly and attentive to our table .
1	pretty descent food , nice atmosphere .
1	i have dined here twice and both times the food and service was excellent .
1	well that just did n't happen !
1	best restaurant i 've been to in a long time .
1	kobe beef burgers , very delicious pizza and detailed salads leave you feeling satisfied .
1	great way to welcome new customers and bring people back .
1	regular hamburger is good .
1	great happy hour .
1	such a fun place to go and eat .
1	i would defiantly recommend and use them in the future .
1	this is the best eating experience i have had in a long time !
1	absolutely fabulous !
1	service was really nice and the food was pretty good .
1	this place has a really good happy hour !
1	and the drinks are good .
1	food is pretty good , the beer is better .
1	well rounded food .
1	would recommend it !
1	the server was friendly and did a good job !
1	the tempe location always has excellent service .
1	drink selection is solid .
1	it brews it 's own beer ; which rocks my world !
1	great staff !
1	great self brewed beer !
1	fantastic .
1	will always stop through here .
1	she was always checking on us .
1	ca n't wait to go back our friends food looked amazing !
1	it is amazingly delicious .
1	the menu is beautiful and has something for everyone no matter their tastes .
1	great job guys , you 've earned your _num_ stars from this customer !
1	service was excellent .
1	the food selection is amazing .
1	perfect for lunch .
1	outdoor patio seating gives a great view of mill street .
1	my wife loved her three tacos .
1	we loved the blue crab and artichoke dip .
1	surprisingly everything was really good .
1	burgers and fries are in point !
1	good casual atmosphere to hang out with friends after work .
1	the chips on the side were true chips and tasted great .
1	we will be back next time we are in town .
1	the server was friendly and quick .
1	this girl deserves a raise !
1	rates are fair , and the artists are talented and experienced .
1	they do great work and pricing is very reasonable .
1	a perfect place for its location .
1	i loved my four years !
1	i loved going to asu .
1	decent education at a decent price !
1	lots of fun .
1	it makes your experience there so much better .
1	music hall is perfect !
1	beautiful campus !
1	this campus is beautiful !
1	such a great place to be .
1	the technology side was great .
1	if you care about your car , go here !
1	wow ... .
1	he 's fast and knows what he 's doing .
1	i love my new style !
1	i love this place !
1	they 're talented , friendly , and completely affordable .
1	he 's the best !
1	he is very patient and listens to what we want .
1	great service .
1	love the place and ricky is awesome .
1	i recommend seeing marissa ... she is really great !
1	ricky is absolutely the best !
1	he does an awesome job every time he colors and cuts my hair .
1	the owner of the hotel , along with his staff were incredibly friendly !
1	i love t 's !
1	great neighborhood liquor store , friendly employees and excellent selection .
1	if you 're a beer fan , this is a great place !
1	i love this place .
1	great experience !
1	clean , good value , nice staff , safe and secure .
1	it 's in an awesome location , right off the _num_ .
1	very well stocked , the room , counters , tables were very clean .
1	nurse tina in the er ... you can draw my blood any time !
1	great place !
1	so nice and caring for my mother .
1	great customer service !
1	brian and his team are extremely friendly .
1	these guys are handling the move to their awesome new location wonderfully !
1	will use enterprise again .
1	thanks guys .
1	they saved the day , and helped us send our son on his trip !
1	awesome experience , awesome company , awesome people !
1	it ended up being an awesome upgrade and great on our trip .
1	the guys here are super cool and they work quick and efficient .
1	this location is top notch .
1	there really is n't much else to say , but the food is great !
1	nice deal in my book !
1	and the food is amazing .
1	fruit & cheese plate is good , too .
1	great for take-out as well .
1	great mediterranean food and a perfect spot for lunch .
1	americanized mediterranean food ... and delicious !
1	great place for the vegetarians and meat lovers alike .
1	they honestly have the best hummus i have ever tasted .
1	the herbal ( i think passion ) ice tea is also great .
1	but the rest i loved .
1	their pitas ultimately are really the way to go .
1	fresh , reasonable , nice staff and ambiance .
1	the best part : it 's right off of the light rail !
1	the hummus is the best !
1	the pizza is great !
1	amazing !
1	love it .
1	hummus is the best .
1	i love this place .
1	the hummus and chicken is also really tasty .
1	jalepeno and cilantro hummus is soooooo good .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix .
1	best hummus i 've ever had .
1	it 's a nice little restaurant that seems to be packed all the time .
1	the pricing is pretty decent for the amount of food given .
1	food is always good .
1	service , always friendly and timely served .
1	helpful staff , wonderful food .
1	love the breakfast here .
1	it really is that amazing .
1	time appetizers and entrees appropriately please .
1	mmmm i love pita jungle .
1	the honey pasta salad is my favorite and they have amazing humus .
1	yeah , i know .
1	great hummus and fast service .
1	the price for a glass of wine is reasonable .
1	by far the best greek food around !
1	pita jungle has the best hummus i have ever tried !
1	classy , organic , healthy , delicous .
1	your choice of two , i 'd recommend the cilantro jalepeno and regular .
1	the staff is always friendly and attentive .
1	the food is great , fresh and healthy .
1	also , the workers are very friendly which is always a plus .
1	i had a chicken philly pita and it was fantastic !
1	the service was good and attentive and the place was packed .
1	great hummus .
1	the veggie burger is so delicious , also the honey pasta salad .
1	their food always tastes really fresh and its really affordable .
1	i 've eaten lots of different meals there and they are all good .
1	the food is always great !
1	love the menu !
1	and great organic hefeweizen type of beer !
1	i went here yesterday with some friends and we all liked it .
1	both delectable !
1	but main courses are huge and so tasty .
1	great for sharing .
1	we always get hummus with grilled chicken ( which is amazing !
1	the mediterranean chicken salad and artichoke pasta salad are amazing .
1	the concept , food , service are all good .
1	i love pita jungle !
1	there ice tea comes in a variety of wonderful flavors and is so delicious .
1	the atmosphere is casual , yet professional .
1	the food is awesome and has great options for everyone including vegetarians and children .
1	the staff are patient and effective .
1	the food here is eclectic and delicious .
1	happy hour is off the chain !
1	the portion was so huge i could have easily split it with another person .
1	the hummus was incredible !
1	we 'll definitely be back .
1	so good .
1	on the other hand , i loved the portobello pizza !
1	and the food was very good !
1	i am a vegetarian and i enjoyed the food .
1	i love so many things on the menu .
1	great place for happy hour as well .
1	dessert was delicious !
1	i 've eaten here once and the ambiance is really great !
1	i love pita jungle !
1	they are often busy , especially weekends , but its well worth it .
1	great for veggie friends and non veggie friends too !
1	i had the spicy chicken wrap and it was very good .
1	delicious !
1	i highly recommend the jalapeno cilantro hummus .
1	a great place to go with friends for a great meal !
1	the service is always really attentive and polite .
1	this location is decorated with original artwork that really compliments the atmosphere .
1	hummus is great , teas and juices are even better .
1	the pita jungle in tempe is by far the best pj around !
1	great healthy good !
1	love the atmosphere , and the service as well .
1	always amazing .
1	every location is good .
1	great place to take friends who ca n't decide what they want .
1	quick easy and a healthy delicious place to dine at any time .
1	i come to pita jungle all the time for their hummus and amazing entrees .
1	so the food here is really really tasty and fresh .
1	really great food and great service .
1	the staff is always friendly .
1	big servings !
1	if you like good healthy food , this is the place for you !
1	everything was great !
1	the hummus was very memorable .
1	a great place to get your healthy food fix .
1	nice variety on the menu with vegan options .
1	their service is always very friendly too !
1	the food was almost as good as the service !
1	they have so many options and it is all fresh .
1	so delicious !
1	very good hummus and green tea arnold palmer .
1	food is amazing !
1	service is very friendly too .
1	please open a restaurant in dallas !
1	it 's quick and a decent price .
1	make sure to grab happy hour .
1	prices are sooo good too during happy hour including really good margaritas .
1	love this place .
1	cool and casual environment .
1	crave it when i 'm not able to get it !
1	delicious food , fun atmosphere , great service .
1	i 've never been disappointed and love the atmosphere and fresh ingredients .
1	i loved that this location had the same stellar service and food .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	they have great , friendly service .
1	fast , knowledgeable , and honest .
1	i had really good luck with them .
1	charged me a reasonable fee for service .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	always professional and reasonably priced .
1	thanks brian you are the best !
1	very helpful and honest .
1	i highly recommend him !
1	staff is so helpful !
1	i choose to use this banks teller line because i enjoy the people .
1	great location great people .
1	the shop is clean and the workers here are pleasant .
1	i will be back very soon !
1	but yeah .
1	the banana split was exceptional .
1	it was nice and clean , plenty of parking .
1	do yourself a favor and use them !
1	i would highly recommend them .
1	i recommend them to everyone !
1	for free ... that 's right , for free !
1	this is our first summer since having our house sealed last year .
1	i feel like i can finally relax in my house again !
1	thank you !
1	it 's made fresh daily and sells fast .
1	i absolutely love this little market !
1	best chorizo is right !
1	thumbs up !
1	hands down the best customer service you will encounter anywhere .
1	great paper , even better customer service !
1	i was thrilled with the venue .
1	and the sound system is pretty good .
1	drinks are reasonably priced , and made really strong which is nice .
1	great place to see a small , intimate show .
1	the bartenders are always nice enough .
1	the security was great .
1	the upside is they seem to always get great shows booked here .
1	always had a great time .
1	acoustics are good as well .
1	as in ... the band sounded better live than in studio .
1	good show and good venue for general admission and decently priced .
1	please tell me .
1	i love the marquee .
1	staff is friendly .
1	the continental breakfast that was pretty good .
1	fantastic crew !
1	nice hotel staff .
1	i almost walked right by this place until i saw crepes on the window .
1	the crepe was so good .
1	we will definitely return .
1	but i have enjoyed them .
1	free wi-fi , nice outdoors spot , great coffee and pastry .
1	this place is amazing .
1	the waitstaff is prompt , attentive and very helpful .
1	ethiopian food is unlike anything else , and it is so tasty .
1	soooo delicious !
1	i enjoyed this restaurant very much .
1	it is good to eat something different once in a while .
1	i really enjoy their food .
1	it is flavorful and the price is great .
1	they have really great desserts too .
1	i recommend everything but the lamb .
1	it 's also a great spot to bring your friends and family .
1	the teas are delicious too .
1	it 's good for you .
1	great !
1	i definitely recommend .
1	: ( attentive service , still .
1	flavorful , and just filling enough without making you feel stuffed .
1	our server was very friendly and helpful .
1	the service was always pretty good !
1	we just love eating here !
1	i could eat here every day .
1	it went very well with the light ethiopian beer .
1	i found this little gem thanks to a friend 's recommendation .
1	the service was great and the atmosphere authentic .
1	so good .
1	this place was wonderful .
1	the injera is very good too .
1	service was fine , although not overly attentive .
1	reasonable prices also .
1	awesome experience !
1	the food is good and they give generous portions .
1	the injera was lovely and the food was flavorful and the service was stellar .
1	this place was excellent !
1	this place is pretty fantastic .
1	it was still quite good .
1	my first experience was tastier , but the food here is solid .
1	this place is a local treasure .
1	price was also reasonable and you will leave stuffed and satisfied !
1	i love this place for lunch .
1	and very friendly !
1	i had the spicy chicken and lentils and it was delicious !
1	love the people , the food , the ambiance .
1	they have fantastic teas here as well .
1	really tasty food .
1	great place for lunch , friendly service and tasty food .
1	very nice server as well .
1	i love this place .
1	so delicious .
1	my family 's favorite ethiopian restaurant .
1	i usually order the spicy combination .
1	the lunch specials are also a good deal with good portion sizes .
1	my wife loves the vegetarian combination .
1	yum yum yummy !
1	the food is the best ethiopian food experience i have had .
1	very friendly staff , highly recommend .
1	my favorite .
1	really like this place .
1	this place has such amazing food .
1	very healthy and tasty .
1	i 'm a huge fan of this place and always will be .
1	their iced teas are yummy and service was informative and attentive !
1	i love this place !
1	the food is crazy delicious and the service is good .
1	what a fun dinner .
1	it is definitely more of an ethnic type of food then most cuisines .
1	very tasty food at a good price ?
1	yes please .
1	a nice alternative to mexican , fast food , or sandwiches .
1	and it 's vegetarian options are so tasty too !
1	my family enjoyed it a lot .
1	the injera is amazing - order extra !
1	amazing flavor fusion .
1	wonderful staff and great food .
1	was pleasantly surprised definitely worth a try , especially for vegans and vegetarians !
1	it was delicious ; i at everything to the point of no return .
1	great way to experience ethiopian food and great dinner out without spending a lot .
1	the ambiance is comfortable , authentic and warm .
1	the aroma is heavenly !
1	very affordable and just really delicious food .
1	my husband and i love eating exotic food .
1	ethiopian happens to be one of our many favorites .
1	this place is pretty good .
1	consistent ethiopian food .
1	always fresh and tasty .
1	but , i 've taken several friends here and they all have loved it !
1	i wish them continued success !
1	my first ever taste of ethiopian food - it was great !
1	the meat combination was terrific and the vegetarian combo looked equally good .
1	i 'll be back for more !
1	first time and will definitely be returning .
1	all i can say is wow !
1	a nice family restaurant .
1	aside from the incredible food , the service is top notch .
1	excellent food .
1	the service is great , helpful , and kind .
1	i thoroughly enjoy the food and service .
1	love this place !
1	thank you cafe lalibela , i 'll be back !
1	delicious and fresh and the staff are so nice !
1	they also sell some of their items at whole foods .
1	i got the vegetarian combination plate and really enjoyed it .
1	this place did n't disappoint !
1	great ethiopian food in phx .
1	the lentils , potato and cabbage and collard greens are so tasty .
1	if you 're in the mood to be adventurous , this is your place !
1	come with an appetite and well manicured nails .
1	this is our all time favorite restaurant and have been coming here for years !
1	this place is awesome .
1	peace .
1	one of my favorite places in tempe !
1	you leave feeling full , but like the good type of full !
1	one or two slices will keep you full for hours too !
1	it was delicious !
1	the salads are always on point !
1	the subs are lovely .
1	give the oldest pizzeria in tempe give them a try !
1	this place is great .
1	the service was good .
1	the staff was friendly and helpful .
1	the crust and toppings were perfect .
1	chips are great , as is the salsa .
1	very very honest and truly nice guys !
1	awesome paint job , awesome price .
1	excellent job and excellent service .
1	i definitely reccomend them .
1	this place got me hooked to pho thai .
1	that said , it was good .
1	( thanks , yo ! )
1	it was a hit .
1	enjoyable lunch cafe style dining .
1	finally i found a good pho place around town .
1	best vietnamese in the valley .
1	the pho is delicious .
1	i 'm just speaking from experience ... and it 's all in good fun .
1	this place had some pretty good pho tai .
1	cooked perfectly , and filled with lemongrass flavor in each bite .
1	great pho !
1	their fried rice is also quite tasty .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
1	see ya there !
1	i will go back for sure !
1	i eat here all the time and have been for a few years now .
1	this place is fantastic .
1	i feel welcomed and comfortable every time i go .
1	they remember our orders and treat us like friends .
1	this place is great !
1	everyone seems very friendly .
1	most flavorful broth .
1	great chicken pho as well - stay away from the rice dishes .
1	the spring rolls and the classic pho dish are my fave !
1	very unassuming little restaurant with delicious food .
1	i love this place !
1	plenty of food , consistent freshness and good quality , friendly owner .
1	it was very good .
1	broth was very good .
1	nothing fancy about this place , just good food and nice people .
1	the best bun i have had .
1	the rice dishes are also very good .
1	delicious and to the point !
1	great pho and fast service .
1	decent vietnamese food .
1	decent prices for somewhere other than little saigon .
1	the owner is super friendly as are the rest of the staff .
1	by far one of my favorite restaurants in arizona and definitely worth checking out .
1	i love this place !
1	i love it .
1	amazing !
1	good portions , reasonable prices and great selection .
1	the best pho in the whole valley .
1	run by a family .
1	very friendly people .
1	and i find the pho to be a bit on the salty side .
1	the food , taste and quality , service and pricing is outstanding .
1	it 's right down the street from campus , too , which is great .
1	the shrimp spring rolls are also delicious !
1	amazing spring rolls as we 'll .
1	i 'm pretty picky about my pho , and this place hits the mark !
1	i was absolutely starving and i decided to stop here .
1	the spring rolls with the peanut sauce was amazing .
1	salty , fatty , perfectly flavored broth .
1	i was visiting my son and we stopped here for lunch one day .
1	best .
1	a solid _num_ stars !
1	i had the veggie spring rolls and the vegetarian pho - both were delicious .
1	best pho ever !
1	the family owners were very nice .
1	i eat here many times .
1	it is extremely full for eating one beef pro .
1	nice and friendly atmosphere .
1	always enjoy coming here .
1	plenty of food at very reasonable prices .
1	the pho at this place is amazing .
1	the prices are very inexpensive , and the staff is always friendly .
1	the best customer service and the best pho i 've had .
1	this is one of our favorites .
1	amazing !
1	the staff is very friendly and the place is very clean .
1	good service too .
1	food is always great here !
1	top _num_ or _num_ pho places in town .
1	our kids love the orange chicken here .
1	forget cyclo ( waaaay over rated ) hit this place up !
1	loved the pho and the the egg rolls are a must !
1	moved to tempe from san diego about _num_ months ago .
1	food was great as well as the service .
1	great food .
1	family owned , and very friendly .
1	i like their pho , spring rolls , and eggs rolls the best .
1	highly recommended .
1	the grilled pork rice vermicelli was fantastic !
1	the pork had an amazing flavor and practically melted in my mouth .
1	i will definitely be a regular here .
1	pho is amazing , nice people .
1	friendly , efficient service and a clean environment .
1	i 'll definitely be coming back !
1	the service was impeccable , and the food was really amazing .
1	definitely coming again .
1	rated best vietnamese restaurant in phoenix in _num_ .
1	all of the bbq meats were delicious .
1	i would come again and would recommend to others .
1	authentic .
1	still the same great service and delicious food !
1	lot 's of tables and good music playing .
1	great place for pool and off track betting .
1	cool .
1	brian rocks .
1	brian is extremely honest and fair .
1	i recommend this place to everyone .
1	brian is passionate for what he does and compassionate with all his customers .
1	that includes our kids older cars and our newer cars .
1	excellent customer service , honest , and great work .
1	love it !
1	everything is perfect !
1	the employees were charming and really set my mind at ease .
1	amazing customer service and prices .
1	easy to work with and definitely saves us money on our printing costs .
1	you order in the local area and he will deliver what you need .
1	the food is good , the service is very good and quick .
1	the service was friendly , food was fast and fresh !
1	i think this will be my new breakfast spot !
1	this place is way neat .
1	great omelettes and super service !
1	great food , great bathroom , and great service .
1	every time i go , the food is incredible .
1	the feeling of a mom and pop atmosphere comes to mind .
1	this place is local , old , rustic and great breakfast .
1	i can see why this place is so popular and would highly recommend .
1	they give a full meal at a reasonable price for breakfast food .
1	the waitresses are top notch , good looking , and the services is great .
1	score !
1	the servers were very nice and attentive ( pretty girls in short shorts ) .
1	they have beautiful waitresses with lightning fast serving skills .
1	our waitress was indeed easy on the eyes as well as polite and attentive .
1	loved the eggs benedict .
1	best greasy spoon in town !
1	large breakfast selection , sure to please everyone .
1	ask for cody , she is the best server they 've got .
1	this is the best place for hangover breakfasts .
1	this authentic retro diner has great homemade food , but closes at 3pm !
1	everything was good , and cooked the way i like .
1	it 's just friendly and very warm .
1	thats why i love this place .
1	great service and food lived up to the billing .
1	this is a must go to place .
1	a tempe staple !
1	great place for breakfast .
1	prices reasonable .
1	the food is great .
1	and the prices are right in line .
1	great service too .
1	they have the best french toast and their omelets are delicious .
1	good breakfast and good service .
1	will definitely be back !
1	the wait staff is great and the prices are very reasonable .
1	great for a quick breakfast or lunch !
1	great service , great food.
1	enjoy !
1	breakfast is fairly old school but with a lot of nice specialties .
1	very good burger ( the duke ) .
1	the waitresses are all cute too .
1	amazing food and amazing people .
1	how i love me a greasy spoon .
1	they are baked fresh and come out still steaming .
1	these were just fluffy and perfect .
1	totally awesome `` hash brown '' potatoes , too .
1	wow .
1	beautiful ladies waiting to serve you .
1	the tortillas are very good .
1	great for breakfast/brunch !
1	this place was pretty good .
1	it looked a little sketchy from the outside but i really enjoyed my meal .
1	the service was good as well .
1	eggs benedict was good .
1	service was fast , food hot and yummy , orange juice was ice cold .
1	also , the ham is exceptional .
1	quick & friendly service .
1	it was pretty normal & simple .
1	i loved the service tho .
1	excellent for breakfast !
1	service was quick and efficient with smiles too .
1	really enjoyed the whole experience !
1	sausage gravy was really good to !
1	the food was standard but totally yummy and a good price .
1	the big cup of coffee won me over before i saw the menu !
1	good service and the food came out quickly and was very fresh .
1	both were delicious .
1	i loved the glass stained window and the decorations on the walls .
1	service is excellent and every waitress i 've had was quick and friendly .
1	always friendly staff , prompt service and the food is great !
1	food is always good and staff always glad to see you !
1	a solid breakfast joint with great service !
1	it was tremendous .
1	i 'm told that it 's made fresh in-house and it shows .
1	the best breakfast in tempe .
1	we got a table right away considering it was crowded .
1	our food came fast too and it was very good .
1	the coffee was also good .
1	great food , great service , and well priced .
1	the inside atmosphere is nice and old school .
1	i love this place .
1	good breakfast spot !
1	next time i 'm in town i will be back !
1	loved my spanish omelet .
1	awesome food & service .
1	very clean !
1	awesome food !
1	definitely will be coming back soon !
1	the food is basic diner fare done right but nothing that will wow you .
1	always busy and always tasty !
1	they raved over their muffins and thought they were fantastic .
1	menu options , food and service all amazing .
1	overall it was pricey , but good .
1	the entire staff is very friendly and solid at their job .
1	the biscuits and gravy , chipped beef , etc .
1	are all very good .
1	they were delicious !
1	using our cards held up the line .
1	great food .
1	very home style and hearty .
1	this was a great place for diner breakfast date .
1	i was really impressed .
1	the muffins are delicious !
1	we love it !
1	staff is fast and friendly and keeps the atmosphere fun and lively .
1	we found our people !
1	service is always good , along with the food .
1	fresh air ?
1	awesome !
1	the miniature golf portion is more fun than the water portion .
1	the whole family thoroughly enjoyed this round .
1	the arcade is standard , but also clean and up to date .
1	this park is fun for anyone .
1	awesome place !
1	best water slides in az and the mini golf is pretty sweet too !
1	the water park portion is very nice .
1	it was adventurous , fun , challenging and a beautiful night for it all .
1	had an awesome time !
1	the summer pass is a very good value for the family .
1	plenty of family fun and we will definitely be back !
1	kids love mini golf .
1	so much better than wi .
1	i love playing mini golf here .
1	always fun family time .
1	we will definitely be back on our next vacation .
1	this is a great place with a reasonable price .
1	enjoyed the water park .
1	plenty of life guards too .
1	i love this water park because of how fast the lines move .
1	really like this place .
1	a bit dated , but we all had so much fun .
1	they are very attentive , and accommodating .
1	love this place !
1	thank you for providing good customer service .
1	this is one of the more competent walgreens locations .
1	autumn in the pharmacy is the best worker !
1	ronald m. you are so modest .
1	this makes the shop one of the best in town .
1	totally reminded me of san diego !
1	have fun here !
1	the atmosphere is soothing , and the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful .
1	i imagine this is a good thing being right on mill ave .
1	i thought that was going above & beyond .
1	all the clothes are high quality and beautiful !
1	not that i 've ever been ... but still .
1	this store was wonderful .
1	loved it !
1	this place is great ... .
1	just great .
1	`` yum !
1	yes please !
1	great food and great outside dining .
1	we laughed all the way home .
1	great food .
1	top notch .
1	plus the atmosphere is fun as well .
1	salads and pizzas are both delicious .
1	anywho ... love it !
1	the menu is so diverse and has many items that were so unique .
1	and there service is quick and friendly .
1	nice touch .
1	they have enormous portions so sharing is a great option .
1	the sauce was very delicious and the wings were n't completely drenched in it .
1	they were very tasty .
1	loved it !
1	the pizzas are great and the baked pastas are so good .
1	i love pesto .
1	the service sets this place apart , always top notch !
1	salads are great and huge and much quicker than the oven items .
1	a fun atmosphere and its well decorated .
1	the italian food was great and freshly cooked .
1	prices are very reasonable .
1	make sure you save room for dessert , a delicious pizza cookie .
1	its got great flavor .
1	what a great idea !
1	it 's fast and a great value .
1	oreganos is a must for anyone visiting phoenix .
1	be sure to get a drink at the bar to fully enjoy the experience .
1	oregano 's is a great place , definitely my top choice for pizza !
1	cool atmosphere and great service , but do prepare to wait !
1	great fusion food .
1	i love the funky pizza 's and the pastas are fantastic .
1	always a joy to go eat at .
1	( well .
1	there are at least three or four appetizers that are top notch as well .
1	this place is great .
1	my side of wings was damn good as well .
1	the food was excellent !
1	the food is always delicious , and the portions are enormous .
1	i 'll be visiting this location many more times during the upcoming year .
1	awesome service !
1	may look small but will be enough for two people !
1	the cookie is amazing to !
1	this is an amazing place .
1	it 's that good and that easy to eat .
1	will definitely be back to go through the rest of the menu !
1	one of my `` go to '' spots for pizza .
1	had a wonderful afternoon with good food and drink with a wonderful friend .
1	the small ceasar salad was fresh and large enough to share .
1	great atmosphere , friendly staff .
1	and this is is similar - good food good service !
1	yes is it the best damn food you will ever eat ?
1	love this place !
1	flavorful & fresh food at a great price .
1	fantastic !
1	delicious !
1	and a pretty decent selection of beers on tap .
1	best italian restaurant for the price .
1	this place is yum !
1	it was great !
1	delicious thin crust pizza .
1	phenomenal service , phenomenal food .
1	the pizza is great and the salads are awesome .
1	we stopped here because we were starving and i had a wicked headache .
1	the environment was loud and festive , but it was definitely fun .
1	the food is quality and five stars .
1	best thing is it is very consistent with the quality of pies .
1	garlic cheesy bread was amazing !
1	great food and friendly service .
1	thank you !
1	they were amazing !
1	morgan was an amazing waitress !
1	friendly , kind , and caring !
1	perfect evening !
1	good italian restaurant in the tempe area .
1	it was worth the wait .
1	the service was great and the food was superb .
1	the pizza cookie is one for the win !
1	_num_ % of the time it 's great every time .
1	it also smelled amazing !
1	this place was delicious with a fun atmosphere .
1	oregano 's tempe will continue to be our go to restaurant for great food !
1	really great lunch menu .
1	my partner got the big hot parm sandwich and it was tasty as well .
1	amazing !
1	we came here from a recommendation from a local family member .
1	servings are big , so go hungry !
1	i believe this to be the best pizza in the area .
1	great service and atmosphere !
1	im in love now ... omg what a fantastic pie .
1	love this place .
1	wow !
1	service was also outstanding .
1	great service , cool staff , check them out !
1	the food is always good but appreciate his attention .
1	the staff were attentive , friendly and offered great suggestions .
1	oregano 's is consistently good !
1	great food and good service .
1	the pizza takes a little while but is worth the wait .
1	this is absolutely the best italian restaurant that i have been to .
1	it 's the cutest little place with a great atmosphere .
1	the staff was phenomenal .
1	it 's without a doubt the most delicious i have ever eaten .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	incredible food , amazing service , and i am never disappointed .
1	we always bring visiting family to try it out .
1	it is affordable , filling , and delicious .
1	awesome food and service .
1	food here is delicious but its big portions !
1	best patio when its not hot lol !
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	on top of that the food was amazing and the atmosphere was great .
1	so delicious !
1	the service is great too !
1	it was flavorful , and does have a kick .
1	they are very accommodating for the big groups .
1	this is as good as it gets .
1	the meatballs are so delicious .
1	we also tried the wings with honey bbq sauce the service is superb !
1	sausage was the best ever .
1	loved it !
1	the best place wings the golden bbq are amazing .
1	i went here with my dad and we both loved it !
1	above average food , fun atmosphere , very good service , fun theme .
1	great value .
1	but the food is delicious and the drinks are strong .
1	life is to short to not enjoy .
1	supper cute place at night !
1	i absolute love this place !
1	i 'm definitely coming back here soon just for his awesome service !
1	sullivan was very personable and made us feel so welcome !
1	also very knowledgeable on menu and suggestions !
1	came here with friends as recommended .
1	an east valley icon , oreganos is a place you must visit once .
1	it 's also one of the few more authentic places here as well .
1	my favorite entree is called alfredo the dark .
1	it 's a great place for groups in general .
1	the prices are amazing !
1	i got a dark roast coffee and it hit the spot !
1	i had a fine experience .
1	fast , friendly , and oh so easy .
1	tried their donuts of the month and their great .
1	i love their french vanilla iced coffee .
1	this location is fast and friendly .
1	tasty pizza next door .
1	this place has a great atmosphere and the staff is super friendly .
1	i freaking love this shop !
1	it 's small and bright and always a great visit for me .
1	there 's a pizza shop next door that sells amazing slices .
1	country inn is clean , roomy , great beds , and super staff .
1	he was very informative , warm and friendly and we chose a camper .
1	thanks for the outstanding customer service .
1	great experience buying our t & g camper .
1	they seem to be very honest .
1	nice indoor showroom .
1	kudos !
1	i felt like a valued customer and was treated great by the entire staff .
1	it is some of the best i have had in the valley .
1	always nice to come to this location .
1	the staff is friendly and professional .
1	i got the same nice nurse to poke me so that was good.
1	also located right across the street .
1	tempe mission palms is a great hotel .
1	it 's a bit pricey , but worth it in saved cabs .
1	the rooms are comfortable and clean , and the staff is more than courteous .
1	good pool and they have some interesting cocktails in the lobby bar .
1	enjoy your stay in my hometown !
1	favorite hotel in phoenix .
1	so quiet and such a cute hotel .
1	perfect for when i needed to unwind after a long day of work !
1	everything was well prepared and the property is very clean and lovely .
1	the staff is very attentive and has always taken great care of me .
1	very accomodating and a pleasure to deal with .
1	and , i love the airport shuttle .
1	the pool is good with a bar right outside .
1	staff are extremely friendly and professional .
1	terrific staff , always offering to help and ensuring a wonderful experience .
1	a bar is there too and they have the best mojitos .
1	i had always wanted to stay here and the service is great .
1	gorgeous hotel in the heart of sun devil country .
1	i love the location walking distance to downtown .
1	great location lots of fun !
1	friendly staff .
1	i thought the hotel looked updated and clean .
1	my room was comfortable and great water pressure in the shower .
1	the lobby is gorgeous and they have a free kiosk to print boarding passes .
1	walking distance to all the popular restaurants and bars .
1	the pool and hot tub are excellent .
1	had a wonderful experience coming here for spring training !
1	thank you so much for our stay !
1	i had the best stay here .
1	thanks everyone !
1	simply put - they are the best and most reliable .
1	customer service is # _num_ - everyone there is great !
1	friendly and knowledgeable staff .
1	service was courteous , fast , and we got exactly what we asked for .
1	very professional , went over and above my expectations .
1	i appreciate it more then you will know .
1	this company is the best .
1	definitely using them in the future !
1	mike at wolfgang 's has serviced our a/c units for years now .
1	my service tech mike is always professional and delivers outstanding customer service .
1	we have always had great service from them .
1	everyone we 've come in contact with have been efficient , helpful and pleasant .
1	wolfgang 's have always been top notch !
1	very honest and will go the extra mile for their customers .
1	he explained everything to us and answered all my questions .
1	work great on all the units .
1	provides recommendations .
1	always great service !
1	these guys are the best !
1	they did an excellent job .
1	his careful attention keeps this very efficient heating and cooling system at peak efficiency .
1	chris b. always provides great service .
1	thank you justin .
1	thanks for your service today , chris .
1	wolfgang 's cooling continues to impress us .
1	he was very knowledgeable and thorough .
1	wolfgang installed our unit _num_ years ago and have been great to work with .
1	he does excellent work and is very knowledgable .
1	sure enough , his service and advice have been great .
1	i have a very reliable auto and typically go in for oil changes .
1	on a side note - they also have wifi - cool .
1	lots of different kinds of prepared stuff .
1	the marinated mushrooms in the grocery area are delicious .
1	awesome wings !
1	i love this place .
1	packed on a friday night !
1	excellent mozzarella sticks !
1	awesome sliders !
1	yummy wings !
1	wings are damn fine .
1	good food and good service .
1	mark is amazing .
1	now this is a dive !
1	as always the best wings in tempe as they will grill them !
1	i will definitely shop here again .
1	the people working there are very helpful and very nice .
1	this company really has their act together and offers exceptional service .
1	they have every brand and a wide variety of sizes .
1	smoothies are sooooooo good .
1	great staff and overall atmosphere .
1	also had an excellent chocolate latte low carb meal replacement shake that tasted excellent .
1	very knowledgable and will hook you up .
1	they make the best shakes hands down .
1	not a stuffy corporate store , but still very professional .
1	i will be back for sure , probably tomorrow .
1	very high quality .
1	really good falafel and i love their hummus .
1	it is by no means gourmet , but it hits the spot every time .
1	this is the best pizza in tempe !
1	it is just a carry out & delivery place .
1	the pesto pizza is amazing .
1	the pizza is really fantastic .
1	love it !
1	best wings ever !
1	good stuff !
1	enjoyed this place .
1	very good pizza .
1	keep up the good work guys !
1	always available though !
1	these guys make a good pie , and they 'll bring it to you .
1	they welcome it .
1	everything is good !
1	and the pizza is damn good too .
1	awesome place for wings and pizza !
1	wings where good !
1	this is a great no-nonsense pizza joint .
1	i must say the pizza really is good .
1	my current favorite .
1	was good and simple and delivery price was n't too bad .
1	it was great .
1	the food was very good .
1	i tried a new egg dish and it was excellent .
1	love their all you can eat pancake specials when they have them .
1	this is the best ihop in the valley .
1	so go there because they have great service and everyone is nice .
1	my favorite food is the pancakes .
1	i definitely will be returning soon !
1	authentic menu with lots to choose from .
1	coke is served from the bottle which is a nice touch .
1	the beef tongue taco was incredible and instantly became one of my favorite tacos .
1	their food is delightful , very spicy but definitely authentic .
1	first time here and was very impressed .
1	overall i 'll be back because the food was great .
1	staff is excellent .
1	the people that work here are always very friendly and helpful .
1	this is one of my favorite places to go for a good time !
1	we got started with hookah , some water , and some hummus .
1	downside is the seating .
1	but over all it 's a fun time and i would recommend it !
1	this is my favorite place for hookah in tempe .
1	the service is awesome and the atmosphere is very relaxed .
1	: ) will definitely be back !
1	love it .
1	best hookah ever !
1	i love my tattoo now !
1	i love my tattoo and this shop .
1	he made me feel so comfortable !
1	he 's very talented , and his color work is amazing .
1	great shop full of talented artists .
1	reasonable price .
1	i love this place .
1	he is so precision oriented , simply a perfectionist .
1	a really great eye and you wo n't be disappointed .
1	one of the best live music venues in az .
1	i 've got ta say , it 's a great place to play .
1	drink prices are great .
1	always a good peaceful crowd and never saw any fights .
1	the staff is so nice !
1	saved this one for _num_ because it is special me thinks .
1	i love it .
1	i had a good time here last night .
1	met some nice people .
1	love this place !
1	it 's really fun and laid back , and is excellent for live music .
1	nice staff , stiff drinks and a lot of cool people .
1	both for live local music shows .
1	great venue and the staff is awesome .
1	pretty descent all in all .
1	get it as spicy as you can stand !
1	i recommend this place wholeheartedly !
1	the lunch buffet is the best too .
1	everything was very good .
1	i was very impressed with this place .
1	also , the price was very reasonable .
1	thank you so much yelp for suggesting i go eat indian today .
1	the lunch buffet is fantastic !
1	i 've suggested it to all of my colleagues and friends !
1	however , the rest of the food is also fantastic .
1	great food and excellent service every time i 'm here .
1	amazing indian food !
1	excellent food , attentive service , very reasonable prices .
1	love this place !
1	everything has been so good .
1	definitely recommend this place .
1	tons of selection to choose from and everything was very tasty .
1	the price is very reasonable and the waiters and waitresses were very friendly .
1	their lunchtime buffet is awesome and very well priced .
1	the a la carte / dinner menu is great too .
1	nice atmosphere , friendly efficient staff .
1	everything was cooked well and seasoned well .
1	one of the best indian restaurants in the valley .
1	delicious dishes & savory snacks !
1	the food is the real draw .
1	it 's fantastic !
1	very good indian food with great service !
1	i also really liked the saag this time around .
1	if you 're a fan of indian food i highly recommend you stop by .
1	everything was really flavorful .
1	they have a decent selection for their lunch buffet .
1	the service was great & all of the food i tried was great .
1	i especially recommend the okra dish - great flavors !
1	excellent and authentic indian food !
1	veggie curry has lots of flavor .
1	buffet is good !
1	so worth it though !
1	i was pleasantly surprised .
1	the lunch buffet is great although the same thing gets repeated everyday .
1	good service .
1	honestly , this is the best indian food i 've had so far .
1	it was very similar and delicious .
1	garlic naan was delicious and a staple with any meal .
1	best part of the night was the waiter entertaining my baby .
1	i recommend ordering one of the dinners or going family style .
1	the quality of food , and the choices are amazing .
1	i also love that they are constantly walking around and giving you fresh naan !
1	this place is truly incredible .
1	being originally from india , i find this place just perfect .
1	this is my favorite restaurant .
1	the best indian food on this side of town !
1	i would recommend this place .
1	really great great great food .
1	great prices , huge selection .
1	this place really hits the spot at midnight .
1	have been in this location many times .
1	but their lemon pie is my favorite one .
1	quick , friendly service otherwise .
1	thank you whataburger !
1	highly recommended !
1	it 's a great place to work on your game .
1	best wednesday special $ _num_ with cart !
1	staff is friendly and welcoming both in the shop and out on the course .
1	what isnt worth it is the price for a bag of range balls !
1	they did such an awesome job .
1	wow !
1	i have played here 20+ times and each round continues to challenge my game !
1	there is water , trees , hills , and bunkers ... .
1	club house is amazing and usually has good deals on asu merchandise .
1	pete dye did an amazing job creating this gem .
1	the restaurant is top notch as well .
1	clean and reasonably priced .
1	the menu was very good and the prices were quite competitive .
1	big thumbs us on this one .
1	played in wilson 's group today and agree .
1	the staff was extremely nice and helpful .
1	the staff are friendly and helpful , so give it a shot !
1	oops !
1	by the time we left at about 8pm , the place was packed !
1	this was a brand new experience for me , but so much fun !
1	their staff is always super helpful and they 're constantly changing up the walls .
1	i love being here , and i am certain that you will too .
1	this place is pretty fun !
1	this gym is awesome .
1	i had a great first time experience here tonight !
1	a ton of fun for old and young .
1	highly recommended !
1	good prices and staff is very knowledgable .
1	phoenix rock gym is wonderful !
1	we certainly will be back !
1	great help and made sure we were comfortable for our first rock climbing experience .
1	they are authentic and delicious .
1	the buffet is good and reasonably priced .
1	quite entertaining .
1	my absolute favorite place for indian food !
1	the service was good !
1	i will seriously recommend this place to everyone .
1	this is a wonderful place .
1	i will eat here again .
1	otherwise would definitely recommend .
1	the naan was delicious .
1	family owned , authentic and delicious .
1	everything was delicious great place to go for a quick lunch .
1	i created a yelp account just to make this review .
1	everything was delicious , especially the lamb korma .
1	nice place and really nice owners !
1	wonderful , friendly service and excellent buffet !
1	wonderful !
1	the food had great flavor and the spicy things were warm not killer .
1	loved seeing the many asu students and how at home they felt .
1	it has a good variety of options .
1	owner is friendly and humble .
1	i recommend you try a little of everything .
1	the servers are always friendly and quick to refill drinks etc .
1	good value .
1	this is the best indian food in phoenix my friends .
1	their menu is great , but i always load up at the buffet .
1	all around great experience .
1	seriously , really good food !
1	the food has just the perfect amount of spicy and is always fresh .
1	really love this place .
1	great service always the same faces working when i go there .
1	family friendly and they have great beers !
1	food is delicious , great variety of vegetarian and authentic desserts .
1	we always have a great experience .
1	terrific value .
1	clean !
1	best indian food in town .
1	this place is a true tempe treasure .
1	they also bring out wonderful naan to your table .
1	friendly service and full bar !
1	worthwhile !
1	great food for a reasonable price .
1	i have visited this place repeatedly with family , love one and friends .
1	always hot and fresh .
1	best indian food i have ever had .
1	chicken korma is my favorite , with the tikka masala a close second .
1	we love to eat here .
1	the owners are very kind they always greet us perfect customer service !
1	and to my pleasant surprise , the food was delicious .
1	super price and flavor , all in one !
1	my favorite indian , bar none .
1	the buffet is always fully stocked and fresh .
1	the restaurant is clean with excellent staff .
1	for the price ( $ _num_ dinner buffet ) , the food is terrific !
1	one best authentic indian food in tempe .
1	the samosa is the winner .
1	its a small buffet but is so good , you wo n't even care .
1	the garlic naan bread is delicious and the chicken korma is to die for .
1	this place is seriously a hidden gem in tempe .
1	never experienced such a good hospitality in bay area .
1	had the lunch buffet .
1	great selection , great quality , wonderful service .
1	will definitely come here again .
1	super friendly service , beautiful place and spicy indian food .
1	it was my first time trying paneer ; it was very tasty .
1	they have a really great appetizer selection .
1	it 's the perfect place to go for a night out .
1	i 've been here a few times on date nights , and love it .
1	all the others were hilarious .
1	i think the best part of the show is how accessible the comedians are .
1	i love the improv !
1	had a great time , would definitely go there again .
1	i watched a good friend of mine perform and had a great time .
1	i 'm a fan of comedy clubs , generally .
1	this place is awesome !
1	so i stand corrected .
1	i would recommend it .
1	funny comedians .
1	mixed drinks were pretty good !
1	this time around the show was a lot more fun !
1	what a fun night at the improv .
1	was pleasantly surprised .
1	definitely going to come back .
1	i had a great time here with family .
1	thanks again julie .
1	management made a big effort to make my group & i feel special !
1	what an amazing guy !
1	it was a huge comedy club very clean and simple .
1	service was fast and friendly .
1	but staff is real good .
1	my one gripe with the venue is seating is very tight .
1	the place itself is cool .
1	they bring in so much great talent !
1	fries and chicken tenders are good though .
1	badass service .
1	super packed but service was still awesome !
1	treat yourself you 're worth it .
1	laughter is good for the soul .
1	the boyfriend and i had a blast !
1	drinks were delicious , not to mention the food !
1	everyone was super friendly , and helpful with food and drink suggestions .
1	the taste quality of the food was on point !
1	i love how they have remodeled the entire place .
1	both were hilarious comedians .
1	a night full of laughter with the company of good friends .
1	funny guy on stage two drink minimum .
1	love it here .
1	such a great time .
1	friendly , high quality service from people who really know their business .
1	highly recommended !
1	friendly , professional and no pressure .
1	this place is a gem that is hiding in plain sight .
1	we were greeted with a hand shake and a proper introduction .
1	its packed every weekday and you do end up waiting for a bit .
1	it 's totally worth it .
1	can this place make a sandwich or what !
1	some of the best sandwiches west of the mississippi !
1	the salads are good too , as are the fresh baked goods ( i.e .
1	the vibe is very college and laid back .
1	they have the best soups , very creamy with lots of flavor .
1	i really liked the potato soup in the bread bowl -- - wow !
1	the bread is all really good here and the prices were good too .
1	the soup in the bread bowl is the highlight of the day .
1	a huge fan of dilly 's deli !
1	and very rich .
1	their soups are also phenomenal and come in a bread bowl .
1	they offer a good selection of sandwiches and breads .
1	huge sandwiches and awesome bread bowls .
1	dilly 's deli is a classic in the tempe area .
1	great place in phoenix for a good deli sandwich .
1	my favorite sandwich place in tempe !
1	everything is fresh , this is always a treat to go to dilly 's .
1	it was a great sandwich .
1	delicious as always .
1	one of my favorite places to go for sandwiches in tempe !
1	delicious .
1	really good sandwich .
1	which is my ideal place for a sand which shop .
1	the reuben i got was so good !
1	fresh ingredients and good sandwiches .
1	this is my favorite soup place .
1	this place is one of my favorites .
1	super great deli with tasty sandwiches and soups .
1	always fresh bread , soups and cookies .
1	awesome sandwiches and great service .
1	in terms of the food i thought the sandwich was awesome !
1	will come back here again and i definitely recommend this sandwich place .
1	this place is amazing !
1	great sandwich !
1	wow !
1	great food .
1	been there twice now and both times consistently awesome in every way .
1	go , eat and enjoy .
1	thank you .
1	fun college bar .
1	lots of tv 's , good looking staff , and great priced drinks .
1	it 's a great place to watch any game .
1	check it out , its better that hooters !
1	there food is great .
1	both are delicious !
1	also , the food it super yummy !
1	our server was extremely friendly as well .
1	service was attentive , and the prices are fair .
1	rula bula rocks .
1	yeah , i know - i 'm old .
1	best irish pub in tempe .
1	ice tea is great too .
1	particularly great during the winter when you can sit out on the patio .
1	i have always enjoyed my lunches there and will definitely go again .
1	there are much better out there , but for tempe it 's pretty good .
1	they have different music each night , always something fun !
1	there is atmosphere , good food , good music , and good drinks .
1	this place has some vegetarian options , mainly salads , but those are delicious .
1	ahh yes your traditional irish pub !
1	hands down the best bar in tempe .
1	thanks for the great recommendation yelpers ( i was visiting on business ) .
1	the best guinness in town .
1	their mussels are delightful , as is the rest of their food .
1	came here after work on saturday for happy hour .
1	love the atmosphere of a pub !
1	the fish & chips are good .
1	happy hours are usually pretty solid as well .
1	really nice patio .
1	excellent food and service !
1	we had cobb salad and corned beef and cabbage .
1	like , a lot a lot .
1	love this place !
1	friendly service and great atmosphere !
1	best irish bar in town .
1	the best overall : april .
1	their food is fantastic .
1	i had a blue moon and it was pretty delicious .
1	they have a great happy hour menu with a lot of small plate choices .
1	i really enjoy the patio out back .
1	great place .
1	highly recommend it .
1	the inside is gorgeous and feels classy without being pretentious .
1	i ca n't recommend rula enough !
1	one of the best guinness pours in town .
1	great service + great food + great beer = five stars .
1	fish and chips are excellent ( as they advertised ) .
1	good pub food , reasonable prices , and decent service .
1	so yeah , i 'll be back .
1	enjoyed my fish and chips with a pint of guinness .
1	very friendly and efficient staff .
1	but the key is that they do it right .
1	amazing .
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	great place to go for dinner or just go out for a beer .
1	this is my favorite place on mill .
1	the service was also really good !
1	great food and atmosphere situated on mill avenue near asu .
1	one of the best irish pubs in the phoenix metro area .
1	this is one of my favorite places on mill ave .
1	i like irish pubs and this place delivers .
1	drinks are good and it 's worth visiting for lunch on food alone !
1	try it st. patrick 's day , we did and had a wonderful time .
1	i 've always enjoyed this place when i 'm down in tempe on mill .
1	beautiful presentation !
1	great food !
1	great prices on car bombs and guinness and a great late night menu also .
1	loved the place .
1	this is great place for traditional irish food and music .
1	favorite restaurant/bar on mill by far .
1	the service was excellent and the food very good .
1	great atmosphere and of course great beer .
1	my favorite pub in the city .
1	the food is the hidden gem , pretty much everything is amazing .
1	it was so good .
1	i also like that it 's pretty casual .
1	awesome place .
1	they also have live music on the weekends so that 's always a plus .
1	service was friendly and attentive and the food was tasty too !
1	the outside patio is also a great place to hang out .
1	love love love the irish chips in the curry sauce !
1	mainly , it 's the curry sauce that makes it so good .
1	very close to the irish experience .
1	worth the stop when in the tempe area .
1	it 's a great , laid-back atmosphere .
1	this is now one of my favorite places in tempe .
1	attentive and friendly staff and a good selection of drinks .
1	this is my favorite bar in tempe .
1	the food and beer are always so tasty .
1	tremendous !
1	excellent .
1	ca n't beat their chips ( fries ) and their burgers are great too .
1	good afternoon buzz with my girl .
1	will definitely go here again !
1	the oysters taste amazingly fresh .
1	the bacon wrapped shrimp is so delicious with the bacon grease .
1	good drinks , good service , good food .
1	delighted to have found another 5-star restaurant in tempe .
1	excellent friendly and attentive service .
1	you 'll thank me later .
1	i ordered shrimp wrapped in bacon as an appetizer and it was amazing .
1	the servers and bartenders are friendly too .
1	since i 've lived in tempe rula bula has always been a go-to spot .
1	very good , but so spicy that it burned my mouth .
1	i enjoy this place immensely .
1	the place has a great vibe .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	perfect service , thank you ryan !
1	and the patio with the variety of music was very enjoyable .
1	thanks for providing a great evening for myself and my out of state visitors .
1	most authentic irish restaurant in arizona !
1	amazing lamb stew and fish and chips !
1	started in the great sport of hockey , this is your place !
1	the people are friendly the ice is good .
1	what a treat .
1	rick was as nice a person as you could hope for .
1	rick was awesome , a true pleasure to deal with .
1	rick is awesome !
1	thank you !
1	very well run business .
1	the attention it brought and the excitement was great .
1	what a fantastic experience .
1	thank you rick !
1	great experience !
1	i would recommend them to anyone .
1	thank you !
1	as others have stated , this place has exceptional service .
1	it was an experience i 'll always remember .
1	jerry is the man !
1	great experience !
1	dealing with rick was great and the car was awesome for a great price .
1	it was in perfect condition and rick was wonderful to work with .
1	now all they need to do is stay open later and offer breakfast !
1	green is pretty tasty with high marks for the strawberry soy shake .
1	they came with a sauce that i enjoyed .
1	eat some good food .
1	the atmosphere is wonderful and the food even better .
1	the people who work here are lovely sweet and very helpful .
1	simply delicious !
1	this is by far my favorite and the best vegan restaurant in arizona .
1	they are all very tasty !
1	great service , great selection , great prices .
1	wonderful to have a place with a real vegetarian menu and tasty options .
1	thumbs up from me !
1	this place is a regular pit stop for me !
1	almost anything you get here is good .
1	i recommend the secret bbq chicken sandwich .
1	the garden burger was great .
1	their iced tea is also really good not surprisingly .
1	the food is delicious and the atmosphere is pretty cool too .
1	green is , hands down , my favorite restaurant in the valley .
1	i loved this veggie place .
1	best vegan comfort food imaginable !
1	green has stepped it up .
1	went today for lunch and the food was delicious .
1	my vegan wife loves this place .
1	it is delicious .
1	i love this place !
1	it 's the perfect place to bring vegetarians and meat eaters .
1	clearly , we all have fantastic taste !
1	best vegetarian cuisine in phoenix , easily .
1	it has a cool , artsy environment with a nice vibe .
1	the food here is amazing & makes me come back for more .
1	some of the dishes are amazing , others are good .
1	this is one of my new favorites .
1	the crab puffs tasted good but i like the regular stuff .
1	this place is great !
1	well , it was my daughters , but still it was delicious .
1	service was great .
1	it works with this place .
1	highly recommended .
1	perfect for dinner , however .
1	the people there were very nice , positive and happy !
1	appetizer : chili fries ... yum !
1	so good you must go !
1	it was delicious !
1	unapologetic vegan comfort food .
1	everyone who works there is incredibly friendly as well .
1	i have to say , green is really damn good .
1	keep up the good work .
1	its delicious , flavorful and healthy .
1	i am not a vegetarian , but this place has great stuff !
1	the foods are kept simple there , the buffalo wings are great .
1	yeah !
1	i love their poblano hummus and pita chips for an appetizer .
1	i totally loved the lunch i had there .
1	if you 're a carnivore like me you 'll still love this place .
1	my favorite restaurant .
1	enjoy , hope to see ya there .
1	i do n't usually love fries either but here they are just so good .
1	it was the perfect place to stop by after a busy weekend !
1	i 've eaten here three times now , and really enjoyed each meal .
1	the staff is always friendly and the atmosphere always has a positive buzz .
1	good for people watching .
1	totally vegan with very tasty meat alternatives .
1	well , it depends on what you order , first of all .
1	happy , happy , happy !
1	this is the best vegan restaurant in phx .
1	i managed to get all of my friends hooked on it as well .
1	well , there 's a good chance you are .
1	the options are pretty expansive and the pricing very very reasonable .
1	vegan food is so interesting .
1	i 'm not a vegetarian , but their food is actually pretty good .
1	yep , this place is pretty damn amazing .
1	definitely would recommend it to anyone to try .
1	their specialty ice-cream is great too .
1	everything i have tired is amazing .
1	amazing .
1	the food is fantastic .
1	the flavor was excellent and i really enjoyed it .
1	the ambiance at green is amazing , and so are there teas and drinks .
1	i also got a chocolate peanut butter bar and it was very tasty .
1	i will definately be back to green !
1	it is delicious and satisfying !
1	it 's worth the trip !
1	the owner is great .
1	consistently delicious .
1	loved it !
1	im a new vegetarian and am sooo excited to have found this place .
1	love the walls !
1	nice people !
1	super affordable !
1	they loved it !
1	so even if you are an exclusive carnivore , give it a shot !
1	definitely better than anything you could find ... well , anywhere .
1	very good food .
1	everything here is very good .
1	most of the time the food is good .
1	messy and delicious .
1	good food is good food .
1	so great !
1	green is my absolute favorite place to eat on this earth !
1	the `` diablo '' dish is really really nice .
1	very good .
1	i love green !
1	bliss ... .
1	their vegan ice cream is amazing !
1	it was tasty , filling and visually appetizing .
1	delicious !
1	good !
1	it definitely has the `` green '' theme going .
1	i took my meat eating friend and he loved his special .
1	this place has amazing food !
1	the only word i can think of is outstanding !
1	try it , you will like it !
1	i 've never had a bad experience there and the staff is always amazing !
1	eat here , you 'll understand .
1	wow !
1	it had great flavor , and it was very filling .
1	the inside of this place is also cute -- my kind of place !
1	i was impressed !
1	this is a great restaurant and i know we will be back frequently .
1	really good , high quality food .
1	pretty much everything on the menu is top notch .
1	green is my absolute favorite restaurant of all time .
1	he has loved every single thing he has tried !
1	also the sweet potato puffs are like candy .
1	love the ambience , the quick service and everything about it .
1	amazing food !
1	seriously though , that sauce was amazing .
1	great place for good food .
1	simply amazing food .
1	it was very good , staff is wonderful .
1	everything i 've had is great .
1	right now , i 'm obsessed with the big wac .
1	best place ever .
1	one of my favorite restaurants ever .
1	... pretty darn good !
1	we also got the spicy edamame .
1	beware you will probably come back a dozen more times .
1	i love the atmosphere , service and food .
1	so love this place !
1	everything taste sooooo good .
1	i am an avid meat eater - i love love love beef !
1	the service is also pretty fast and the staff is very nice .
1	best tofu ever !
1	had a wonderful flavor from the minced veggies mixed inside of it .
1	i 'm loving this place .
1	everything is great and the staff is welcoming .
1	it 's a great place .
1	green is awesome !
1	friendly casual atmosphere .
1	i love this place !
1	best buffalo `` chicken '' wings ever .
1	i am not a vegetarian and this place was fantastic .
1	i 'd definitely go back !
1	this is my favorite restaurant in phoenix hands down !
1	staff is friendly and prices are good .
1	but the food ... yummy delicious !
1	there menu is a nice break from traditional vegan fare .
1	the drinks were really good too .
1	quality of food is great !
1	highly recommend !
1	however , one of the best places for a casual meal .
1	loved it .
1	so i headed over in a cab .
1	so it was well worth the trip .
1	very good !
1	the food was tasty and fresh !
1	we will definitely be back !
1	the atmosphere is also great .
1	had a great veggie and noodle bowl !
1	i love every item on the menu .
1	its really really nice overall .
1	every time it is amazing .
1	very good !
1	the employees were really nice and the ambiance was great .
1	easily one of my favorite restaurants .
1	the staff is friendly and there is always cool art on the walls .
1	i decided to try a new place for lunch today and wow !
1	would recommend to anyone the staff is nice and the good is great .
1	worth a try .
1	i absolutely am in love with this restaurant !
1	the food is filling yet light and i always feel satisfied .
1	i 've been here about _num_ times and absolutely love it .
1	the staff was very friendly and the restaurant had a great vibe to it !
1	staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
1	this place rocks !
1	my favorite are the take on hot wings .
1	highly recommend .
1	the soft serve ice cream is delicious !
1	it 's delicious !
1	this place is consistently amazing !
1	the wings are awesome and i love their teas .
1	i will certainly get this again and soon !
1	i literally crave the big wac when i 'm at home .
1	i do like their bowls .
1	i love the food at green .
1	great tasting food , and awesome concept .
1	employees have always been nice , friendly and helpful .
1	the other location off of 7th is open though .
1	great food .
1	this is definitely vegan comfort food .
1	it 's greasy and heavy , but that 's what is awesome about it .
1	green is amaze balls !
1	the decor is attractive , the tunes are great and the peeps are cool .
1	the food is plenty to rave about .
1	bring your pup , there a cute little patio area .
1	yet to try their desserts but the drinks they offer are fantastic .
1	love this place !
1	sandwich and it was crunchy and so good .
1	delicious , delicious , delicious .
1	great food .
1	it needs a boost !
1	i am so impressed !
1	i love this place !
1	this place is amazing !
1	even the mock chicken tasted delicious .
1	this place is great !
1	this place has great food .
1	very friendly happy staff .
1	great food , friendly helpful service , and happy customers .
1	just the right level of heat .
1	it 's a _num_ minute drive from my work but totally worth the journey .
1	love this place !
1	my friend and i both ordered the thai peanut bowls with noodles .
1	i got the house tofu and she got extra veggies .
1	the thai peanut sauce was delicious with just the right amount of heat .
1	and you will walk away full and liking the meal you just had !
1	i 'm not a vegetarian but green 's burger was very good .
1	this place is awesome !
1	the craft beers are solid !
1	we are the big wac ( a classic ) and it tasted phenomenal .
1	everything has a different twist and the price point is n't bad .
1	definitely check it out !
1	my guests love their big mac .
1	good variety on the menu & is was good .
1	came here my parents and we all enjoyed it .
1	i love this place .
1	the big wac burger is so tasty .
1	it 's so good !
1	my entire family loves green and we visit often .
1	that atmosphere was great & the people were friendly .
1	it is worth the drive .
1	the drunken mongolian with mock chicken is delicious .
1	amazing .
1	awesome food !
1	best vegetarian burger and wings i have ever had !
1	the fries were so good as well , thin and crispy and just perfect .
1	the fries are delicious , too .
1	the staff has always been friendly .
1	the spicy wings are where it 's at !
1	this place is amazing !
1	found this gem while visiting family in fountain hills .
1	wonderful service !
1	best vegan meal i have found !
1	i love the house made tofu .
1	i got the coconut curry mock chicken bowl with noodles and it was great !
1	their `` buffalo wings '' are my favorite !
1	yummy always !
1	as always friendly staff and great food .
1	the order has never been messed up which is rare around here .
1	amazing !
1	it 's the best .
1	oh my , so good !
1	my daughter loved her chai latte and veggie burger with fries .
1	awesome food .
1	win !
1	this is one of my favorite spots for vegan food .
1	their sandwiches and appetizers are amazing .
1	it was delicious .
1	the ice cream was spectacular .
1	i love the taste of vanilla soy milk .
1	everyone that works here is super friendly and always happy to help .
1	outstanding !
1	this place is a hidden gem .
1	the food is great and the desserts are even better .
1	the dishes were pretty darn savory and tasty .
1	they have such a wide variety to choose from .
1	best veggie burger hands down !
1	the dish is fantastic , as expected .
1	omg i love this place .
1	their food is spectacular and the staff is always very nice .
1	the bbq chicken sandwich is good too but a bit simple .
1	also loved the ginger beer !
1	i 'd recommend it !
1	i 'm definitely making another trip .
1	their food is delicious and they bring it out really fast .
1	loved this and its sister restaurant in phoenix .
1	great options , tastes , and textures .
1	every time it 's stellar food .
1	a friend recommended this place and they seem to be very friendly and honest .
1	dependable and professional !
1	they appreciate your business and want you to return .
1	she was very nice to us .
1	favorite breakfast .
1	service was crisp .
1	i will be back !
1	great staff , casual , friendly environment and good food reasonably priced .
1	the service was both friendly and fast .
1	i can give jim 's a solid _num_ stars !
1	nothing fancy , just good food .
1	i really enjoyed the older ambience at this place .
1	everything i have had here is delicious .
1	fast and friendly service .
1	i went in today for lunch .
1	good for a burger or breakfast .
1	got our vegetarian omelet and french toast to-go .
1	my family and i enjoy going to this place .
1	food quality is good and always consistent .
1	twice !
1	great prices .
1	the food and service have been great every time i 've been here .
1	it surprises me , because the food really is good !
1	i developed a good relationship with vivian and her sons the mechanics .
1	i was always confident they would repair the problem properly .
1	their prices are reasonable and the folks are friendly .
1	i will definitely be eating there again when we go next year .
1	their curly fries w/ a side of ranch are the best !
1	but i do n't mind , i love getting drunk so i 'm happy !
1	i 'm a fan for sure .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	this is a nice little dive-y sports bar around my neck woods .
1	it 's good , just not very remarkable .
1	pool table , lots of tvs , games ... great time !
1	good sports bar atmosphere .
1	cozy and attentive service .
1	great atmosphere , well priced , and good food .
1	i never knew bar food could taste this good !
1	i loved the down to earth atmosphere , great food , and reasonable prices .
1	great happy hour !
1	amazing philly cheese steak sandwiches & good selection of beers .
1	good food and great beer selection !
1	very attentive and friendly .
1	the service was impeccable and the atmosphere was fun .
1	our server was friendly and fast , and made helpful suggestions .
1	the cheese steak is actually pretty good .
1	btw , we especially love the outdoor dog friendly dining .
1	nice healthy portion at a decent price .
1	food was good and a lot of draft beer specials .
1	the facility is clean and so are the restrooms .
1	good mix of local and out of towners like me , like me .
1	great service and atmosphere .
1	good value priced meal .
1	loved the atmosphere .
1	the chicken teriyaki sandwich is amazing !
1	stayed at a hotel across the street .
1	it was great .
1	brittany is a great bartender .
1	made a great impression of customer service .
1	good food and drinks !
1	well , i did .
1	their fries where so amazing like omg !
1	the hot wings are great .
1	would highly recommend this place !
1	came out nice and spotless clean from that terrible food stained i got .
1	very good service .
1	also i was pleased with the quality of the work and the value .
1	you got one happy customer here .
1	great and a reliable place to drop off my favorite shirts and suits .
1	good service , reasonable price .
1	the owner and her staff are friendly , efficient , and professional .
1	my clothes always look great and the turnover is just _num_ hours .
1	you will be happy that you did !
1	i really enjoy how friendly and how on point employees are here .
1	check out is super easy .
1	everything is so fairly priced and the team there is extremely friendly and helpful .
1	this is my favorite big lots .
1	really enjoyed our season pass this summer at big surf .
1	the wave pool was definitely the best part .
1	so fun !
1	fun place .
1	she loved it .
1	awesome place !
1	i am a huge fan of this water park .
1	had a great time today .
1	lines are pretty short today which makes everyone happy .
1	for one it 's very fun !
1	the employees are very nice !
1	i forgot my locker code , they helped and were nice !
1	recommend the season pass .
1	great if you get the season pass at costco for $ _num_ !
1	it is worth it .
1	first year to get season passes for the family .
1	this water park was pretty fun !
1	amazing selection of used blue jeans and other great items .
1	got ta love this gem of an institution in scottsdale .
1	i can always find something interesting , and the interior vibe is great .
1	great vintage spot .
1	everyone who works here loves to come to work .
1	first time in my life i feel completely at ease at a dentists office !
1	so very compassionate and knowledgeable .
1	their bread is always fresh and their sauces are delicious .
1	the food is fantastic .
1	very reminiscent of my grandmother 's cooking when i was growing up !
1	fabulous !
1	service was absolutely flawless ... so very polite and attentive .
1	will definitely be going back !
1	the food is delicious , homemade , and never disappointing .
1	i highly recommend .
1	i 'm from new york and know good italian when i eat it .
1	great neighborhood joint .
1	the bar is a friendly place to catch a game or have a cocktail .
1	great italian food , great price .
1	they have great specials and great happy hour .
1	service and staffing has always been good as well .
1	plus , the bread that is served with the spaghetti is amazing .
1	we ordered pizza and had an amazing time .
1	bartender was super friendly and we are definitely going there again .
1	always reliable excellent food and service .
1	very quiet .
1	simply the best italian food in the phoenix area .
1	every item on the menu is delicious !
1	the italian music created a nice ambiance .
1	the sauce was excellent !
1	the food was good .
1	the best !
1	one can dream , anyway .
1	he was the best !
1	it is a nice place .
1	my best nail salon ever !
1	the lady called my is super sweet and did an awesome job .
1	love the way they take the time to make my nails beautiful .
1	i loved this place .
1	i have very pretty flowers on my toes .
1	, and the service was excellent .
1	she does fantastic work & she really cares about high quality .
1	and my nails look phenomenal every time !
1	give tina a chance & you 'll have found your new favorite nail salon .
1	wonderful customer service !
1	i think i 've found my new place !
1	it is by far the best i 've ever had !
1	i will definitely be coming back .
1	and let me tell you for my first time , they did amazing !
1	always very clean and treat you nice .
1	very friendly service .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	great place !
1	great !
1	best nail salon in the area .
1	it 's a family atmosphere and they become family friends as well .
1	absolutely love it !
1	the employees are extremely friendly .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	friendly / accommodating .
1	i love snow nails !
1	i would give snow nails my highest recommendation .
1	thank you tina for doing my names ... .
1	i 've found my nail place here in the phoenix area !
1	amazing !
1	i encourage all of you to check them out !
1	great service !
1	the place was clean and the staff was so friendly and polite .
1	lovely people and a great pedicure for a fantastic price !
1	while waiting , i noticed how clean and well organized their entire shop was .
1	keep up the good work !
1	loved this place .
1	it was so clean and tidy !
1	mike there is a great person !
1	they have good packages if you buy in bulk !
1	love the new location !
1	great customer service , great products .
1	i always have a great experience whenever i come to gammage .
1	add more stalls , gammage ... please !
1	thank you yelp !
1	watched wicked here and it was amazing .
1	service was also great .
1	everyone is very friendly .
1	loved every minute of it .
1	came here to watch wicked .
1	i really liked this venue .
1	great place to see a show !
1	extra bonus !
1	i had a blast and it was a really great show !
1	great venue , fantastic music , fun play , the ultimate of enjoyment !
1	best place to watch any broadway shows .
1	dirty dancing was quite fun to watch !
1	you can see perfectly from the second balcony .
1	the gammage is a beautiful building and it is a frank lloyd wright design .
1	other than that , our experience was a fantastic one !
1	love this hall !
1	i went and saw wicked with my boyfriend and it was amazing !
1	great location in the heart of tempe .
1	loved the show .
1	the sound system was great and i never had any difficulty hearing the actors .
1	great venue , parking was ok , easy i .
1	the crowd is laid back and the drink specials are superb .
1	lots of talent on the tables .
1	their long island iced teas are legendary !
1	good times !
1	mill cue club is awesome !
1	crowd was big , but no drama ( which is always good ) .
1	best long islands ever !
1	super strong and a reasonable price .
1	best service ever .
1	friends , pool , and long islands .
1	drinks are inexpensive and really good !
1	overall , we all enjoyed mill cue club !
1	really fun on game days .
1	i highly recommend getting a long beach - a long island with cranberry juice .
1	i enjoyed the time my husband and i spent there .
1	it 'll get you going and tastes great !
1	i love this place because they got the best drinks on mill ave !
1	note : weeknight !
1	kudos to the management team for always giving us a warm welcome .
1	you 're going to want to hit this place up first for sure .
1	overall a great crowd , great music , great drinks and great experience .
1	they have the best long islands and the ambiance is always chill !
1	try any of the kabob platters , very good !
1	go for the food -- it is worth every penny .
1	i cant ' recommend it highly enough .
1	i love middle eastern food when it is done right .
1	freaking so good .
1	she said it was ridiculously good .
1	food was very fresh and tasty .
1	the owners were very nice and helpful on picking out items on the menu .
1	service was great and friendly .
1	my absolute favorite restraunt in the valley !
1	the food is amazing it 's a must that you try .
1	i will certainly go back again and leave with a happy full belly too .
1	it is authentic and done very well .
1	thank you tasty kabob for being so wonderful !
1	see you again soon .
1	nice music , lighting .
1	excellent food , very nice service and awesome music and nice desert .
1	chicken kabob was tasty and basic but really good .
1	the salad is absolutely delicious !
1	i really enjoy the food here .
1	the appetizer , spicy beans , was tasty and satisfying !
1	surprisingly , this place was very very good .
1	all in all , a very solid place .
1	would absolutely recommend .
1	the owners are beautiful people .
1	excellent food at really reasonable prices .
1	we always end our meal with tea and ice cream !
1	i will definitely recommend this place .
1	the rice is done to perfection .
1	the meat is good also .
1	prices are very reasonable and the vegetables i ordered on the side were fantastic .
1	middle eastern is something i love outside of mexican .
1	persian particularly puts out a great healthier choice .
1	thank you tasty kabob for making arizona your home .
1	nice quiet place , servers are very polite & attentive .
1	lamb shank was outstanding .
1	hidden gem !
1	every single item on the menu is amazing .
1	just the right mix of honey sweetness and sour lemon .
1	welcome back , lydia !
1	it 's the best vegetarian deli i know .
1	we get to people watch and enjoy a great lunch !
1	the staff is super friendly and i enjoy eating there .
1	amazing food !
1	a great hidden gem off mill ave !
1	a sweet little gem , tucked away from the madness of mill avenue .
1	i would recommend a visit ( and many return visits ! )
1	the service is great and the portions are incredible .
1	good , but not amazing , `` traditional arizona `` mexican food .
1	excellent food , great service .
1	go for happy hour if you go for anything .
1	chips and salsa is the best .
1	the servers are really attentive and friendly as well .
1	ugh !
1	in fact , let 's have a moment of silence , please !
1	the atmosphere is relaxing and i like that they have daily specials .
1	now it 's much bigger and they still use her recipes .
1	we liked the guacamole was very creamy and good .
1	the food is awesome and the happy hour is fantastic .
1	smelled wonderful !
1	the food was amazing !
1	i also always ask for the hot sauce with my chips and salsa .
1	great chips and salsa .
1	try it ... you 'll love it !
1	if you are looking for authentic mexican food this is the place to go !
1	third time having it and it has been spot on every time .
1	it 's a small shop but with that comes a much more personal experience .
1	allen is a great guy and is a straight shooter ( pun intended ) .
1	alan gives the best gun experience ever .
1	i would definitely recommend taking your pet here .
1	the rose is the best .
1	it 's a nice , relaxing place .
1	i like the art on the walls , but i could do better .
1	this is the best hookah place in town .
1	everyone is extremely friendly and the prices are much lower than other nearby establishments .
1	awesome place .
1	it was my first hookah and the worker helped us pick one to smoke .
1	good choice !
1	hands down the best hookah lounge in the valley .
1	how they keep up is beyond me .
1	the drink selection here is the best on earth !
1	the friendliest customer service !
1	their service is fast and friendly .
1	his customer service makes for a great experience every stay .
1	the location is great , walking distance to pretty much everything in downtown tempe .
1	most accommodating hotel i 've ever stayed in !
1	super clean !
1	great service and people do deal with !
1	first their customer service is great !
1	second they did the repairs the same day and at a fair price !
1	bumble bee deserves its five stars .
1	high recommendation !
1	outstanding costumer service .
1	the house is cooler , more efficient , and i 'm very satisfied .
1	they were the most honest about the work i needed done .
1	they are awesome , especially when it comes to customer service .
1	john took great care of me and communicated throughout the entire process .
1	such a blessing i found such a wonderful business .
1	i do highly recommend them .
1	it was fresh , great lettuce and had huge pieces of bacon !
1	very helpful and friendly staff .
1	i highly recommend !
1	very knowledgable and friendly staff , they know their products well .
1	the salespeople here are so patient .
1	i would recommend to a friend .
1	staff is helpful and accommodating .
1	prices are very reasonable .
1	regardless , i love this restaurant .
1	broccoli shrimp is delicious .
1	totally decent and efficient take out !
1	everything i 've ordered from here has been pretty good .
1	mr. hunan is the best kept vegetarian chinese restaurant in the phoenix valley .
1	definitely recommended !
1	the prices and location are really good and they have very fast service .
1	this is a great place to rent jet ski 's .
1	the two jet ski 's were _num_ 's and nice and clean .
1	fantastic !
1	please rent from jet action rentals , it will be well worth it !
1	no nonsense and excellent equipment !
1	the beef = great !
1	the tortillas = great !
1	highly recommended !
1	very easy on the wallet , too .
1	the food is great .
1	this is kinda take-out style , but does have tables .
1	the cost is great and i 've always received great service when we go .
1	their menu is not huge but man is the chicken good .
1	it is very tasty and juice .
1	wow !
1	great food and great prices .
1	cheap and delicious ... if you are in the neighborhood give it a try !
1	ghetto but spectacular .
1	oh my tasty goodness !
1	awesome and basic .
1	: ) an institution in tempe , well deserved .
1	it is so so so so good .
1	always delicious , fast , and great service .
1	i was surprised how much i liked this place !
1	basic fajita and chicken menu that has stayed the same , great .
1	so good , i eat here at least once a week and never tire .
1	beans , rice , and salsa all delicious a fresh too .
1	got the combo plate and was a big fan , go visit !
1	absolutely delicious and so simple .
1	that 's the best thing they 've got on the menu in my opinion .
1	he had such a great attitude .
1	i will refer my friends to come to this place .
1	soooo damn tasty !
1	beans are good , onions are awesome salsa is the shit .
1	it 's good , comfort food and very flavorful .
1	nice place to eat and read ( at least for me ) .
1	this place is so great !
1	the staff is friendly .
1	amazing mexican food !
1	the carne asada is my favorite .
1	absolutely love the people that work there .
1	she refused and gave me the full order with a smile .
1	it is money well spent !
1	their menu is simple , dishes are delicious and prices are affordable .
1	the fresh salsa and the marinated onions remind me of home .
1	delicious !
1	simple ingredients , steaming hot goodness .
1	the employees are always friendly and the chicken is always on point !
1	this ole in the wall is restaurant is a definitely must !
1	great chicken .
1	they do a few things and do them well , always .
1	but the food is amazing !
1	the prices are fantastic , and the host is so sweet .
1	it was very good !
1	this place is simple and delicious .
1	so happy to find this place .
1	the food was great for what it was .
1	just try it , you 'll be happy you did .
1	red , tender and full of flavor !
1	this place is a gem !
1	its unreal delicious .
1	the place is small but neat and tidy .
1	i recently adopted a precious cat .
1	it 's well worth the extra few miles to get the personal service .
1	i really like this place .
1	great place to get advice from other owners also .
1	, as well as the exceptional service .
1	a must !
1	one of the best dog food stores in the valley !
1	you can rest at peace knowing that your pets are in great hands .
1	quality products at prices that are better or comparable to the big box stores .
1	the owners are knowledgeable and friendly .
1	very good and friendly service .
1	that is service !
1	great place .
1	family owned and operated !
1	i moved from florida to arizona in december .
1	he frickin loves the new stuff .
1	this is my dog 's favorite place to go !
1	food i feel good feeding my pets at a great price .
1	the people there are a treasure chest of knowledge .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	i will be back !
1	love this place !
1	thanks for being there tempe feed !
1	professional , knowledgeable and friendly !
1	family owned and operated .
1	i really love buying from this place .
1	or bike ! )
1	what a great business !
1	small family run shop with amazing customer service .
1	great products and amazing customer service !
1	they are helpful and friendly .
1	someone always carries the food to my truck .
1	for my money , this is the best pizza in tempe .
1	this place was pretty good to me .
1	the place is very , very simple .
1	the pizza by the slice is an inexpensive and delicious way to go .
1	twice now in the last two weeks i have been there .
1	everything i 've eaten here has been delicious .
1	otto 's pizza is good .
1	big slices , decent quality toppings and all served hot .
1	awesome food .
1	recommendation : to anyone living in tempe and enjoys a real pizza .
1	team is friendly and brings out your slices to you with a smile .
1	great price great food !
1	i have had many items on the menu , and everything has been great .
1	the veggie pizza is my favorite .
1	service is excellent and food is great !
1	this place has some seriously tasty pizza .
1	the salad 's are delicious.
1	the spaghetti is one of my favorite 's !
1	definitely get way more than you can eat more of a meal for two .
1	so so good .
1	the staff is always super super nice .
1	great pizza !
1	i made an order for delivery one evening and was impressed with this pizza .
1	the delivery guy was nice as well !
1	really good pie !
1	great lunch place , especially for the price .
1	monte cristo is ridiculously good .
1	pizza is as well .
1	great pizza .
1	good specials for a slice or two .
1	the slices are such a great deal and so tasty !
1	all the workers are extremely friendly and outgoing and make you feel at home .
1	i wanted to surprise my friend with a pizza and i live in california .
1	it 's perfectly chewy and crispy at the same time .
1	always friendly , and always fresh !
1	good pizza !
1	the employees are all very nice and you ca n't really beat the prices .
1	so that is a huge plus .
1	the pizza here is amazing and the specials are a great deal !
1	excellent pizza !
1	it 's delicious .
1	otto , your food is just delicious .
1	good nyc style slice .
1	best pizza in the state of arizona .
1	get extra marinara on the side and you will be set .
1	they have the best pizza in the state .
1	this place is clean and their staff are among the best .
1	otto is the sweetest man , makes some delicious eats !
1	i love me some otto 's !
1	i highly recommend the lasagna , the owner 's wife home makes it !
1	definitely check out this neighborhood pizzeria !
1	friendly staff , believe its family owned .
1	plus - i love supporting the sweet and hardworking family who owns this place .
1	their food and prices are awesome !
1	they did a fantastic job at my wedding !
1	the gal that usually does my work is a genius !
1	have been very happy with their service .
1	they are prompt , courteous and professional .
1	i would absolutely recommend over ace or home depot .
1	the hummus and tabouli are excellent .
1	killer !
1	their gyros are delicious .
1	you can shop here and eat .
1	thumbs up !
1	also , friendly , fast service .
1	best gyro and chicken shawarma in town !
1	delicious .
1	love it.
1	busy , friendly service , good food , super cheap prices , awesome lemonade .
1	wow and wow .
1	waiters are great , funny , friendly , and remember your face .
1	i 'm totally lucky to live near this gem !
1	best middle eastern food i 've ever had .
1	amazingly cheap and great middle eastern food .
1	warm homemade pita bread .
1	it is just a small hole-in-the-wall type place , those are the best .
1	my friends ordered the gyro plate and both were quite happy .
1	my favorite med .
1	this is a must see for anyone seeking this type of cuisine !
1	just the right degree of succulent and tender .
1	mmmm ... good .
1	this is always a good choice !
1	staff is friendly , service is quick and prices are very fair .
1	this is absolutely the best middle eastern food in the valley .
1	it is inexpensive and perfect every time .
1	absolutely fantastic !
1	i go here alot because its delicious and super affordable .
1	great middle eastern food .
1	what a great little restaurant !
1	the service was quick and the food was delicious !
1	love this place !
1	the falafel is some of the best in tempe .
1	good times .
1	the food was extremely tasty .
1	loved it , i 'd definitely go again !
1	love everything about this place .
1	big , soft pitas with delicious hummus .
1	i always bring my friends here and they all love it .
1	great place , there is also a nice grocery store as well .
1	you get the picture ... everything was delicious and prices are super .
1	we love great food at great prices .
1	superb prices .
1	great beef shwarma ... hard to find and done well here .
1	authentic middle eastern food and it is dirt cheap .
1	tucked away in a market , this place services excellent middle eastern food .
1	you receive excellent value for what you pay for .
1	always great service .
1	i 'm also a big fan of the grocery store part of the joint .
1	the food is awesome with a price to match .
1	super affordable , and the falafel are quite tasty .
1	also , i love their different varieties of baklava .
1	the tastes are very flavorful and authentic .
1	also ... love , love , love their coffee .
1	the hummus is simply superb , it with the bread melts in the mouth .
1	well here is one i love to go over and over again .
1	they have some of the best hummus i 've had since moving back here .
1	so good .
1	i love how fast the service is and the quality .
1	that 's nice when coming from the tempe campus in the heat !
1	i 've never found a recipe so flavorful and moist .
1	i ca n't recommend this place more .
1	consistent excellent quality food .
1	one of my favorite places to eat !
1	authentic middle eastern food !
1	everyone there is really nice .
1	wow !
1	such fantastic food !
1	try the queen baklava , best i 've ever had .
1	i love it !
1	great value for authentic middle-eastern food .
1	the pitas they make in house are fresh and delicious .
1	service is always top notch .
1	best gyro in phoenix !
1	recommend .
1	this place is a hidden gem .
1	go here and love it !
1	it 's never too spicy and is always hot and fresh .
1	just the best .
1	just a great sandwich .
1	get all of their sandwiches on handmade pita for a great experience .
1	good gyros at very reasonable prices .
1	this place was great .
1	large portions , great hummus and everything tasted amazing .
1	go with a big appetite and enjoy .
1	thanks to all of the yelpers that pointed me this way !
1	love the food at haji baba .
1	huge portion of chicken over rice and lettuce with a tasty unique house dressing .
1	awesome food .
1	it rocks .
1	great for families and even college students to drop by for some quick lunch .
1	highly recommended !
1	its our default lunch spot .
1	very smooth and creamy .
1	i dream about it sometimes .
1	everything our table of six had was very good .
1	good food , good service and consistent .
1	all plates were excellent !
1	would highly recommend !
1	absolutely the best gyro i have ever eaten .
1	food is always so tasty !
1	good humus and pita as well .
1	always and forever .
1	the best middle eastern food i have eaten in phoenix .
1	service is quick , the price is right and the staff is friendly .
1	they guys that work the registers are friendly and the food is delicious .
1	very authentic middle-eastern fare with nice friendly service .
1	no one can beat their prices and most of the food tastes great !
1	i love how they have sriracha on the table too .
1	absolutely great .
1	they 're both really good ( although the beef is better ) .
1	i tried my friend 's grape leaves last time and they were delightful .
1	i 'll definitely come back !
1	pleasant service .
1	truly affordable .
1	fresh fragrant and a nice assortment .
1	very yummy !
1	very nice portion size for a nice price !
1	the chicken shwarma plate and gyro plate are excellent .
1	highly recommend !
1	the staff and service is ok .
1	great authentic food , and the service is excellent .
1	delicious food at a great price .
1	generous portions as well .
1	love !
1	this is likely one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .
1	one of the most amazing and flavorful dipping sauce .
1	pure awesomeness ... ... .
1	this is the best middle eastern restaurant we have been too in phoenix .
1	i love this place !
1	we love this place and have come back numerous times .
1	the food was amazing as well as the service .
1	i came with a group and we ordered a bunch of dishes to share .
1	prices are excellent for the amount of food you get .
1	but , amazing food !
1	the chicken shwarma is delicious .
1	i could eat like this every day .
1	such a great hidden gem .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	love the gyros .
1	i 'll keep coming !
1	the service was excellent and fast .
1	there is a nice grocery store inside and a restaurant section in a corner .
1	humus is perfect and so is the service .
1	i met up with some friends .
1	it was a large portion and i shared it with my kids .
1	their fresh handmade pita is the best !
1	incredibly delicious , authentic food for a great price .
1	so so so so so yummy !
1	very loyal customers in there that 's because they do it the right way !
1	prices are great food is better .
1	check this place out and you may just become a regular !
1	my favorite middle eastern food for over _num_ years !
1	i came here with a friend .
1	it 's one of the best middle eastern restaurants i 've been to .
1	great place .
1	really authentic food and very tasty .
1	i always enjoy taking people here for the first time .
1	this place had a very friendly staff .
1	i recommend trying this place .
1	everything i 've had has been amazing .
1	best middle eastern food in tempe !
1	two thumbs up !
1	basically everything is exceptional .
1	baklava is a must have too .
1	its always a good tasty lunch when i 'm feeling for something .
1	the chicken shawarma always warms my soul when i eat it .
1	i love it , your probably going to love it .
1	the servers here are great .
1	authentic middle eastern cuisine .
1	all great .
1	it 's seriously the best dressing .
1	their food is great , and you ca n't beat the price .
1	i love gyros and this place has some of the best around .
1	wonderful people and a wonderful place .
1	super deal for lunch or dinner .
1	everything made fresh in-house .
1	i always get the plates because you get a good amount of food .
1	fantastic food every time !
1	nice service .
1	freshly made , yummy pitas .
1	this place has great mediterranean food !
1	the hummus is the best hummus i have ever tried .
1	i had the gyro plate here and i loved it .
1	it is both , but the food is top notch .
1	great food for little money !
1	haji baba is a great little restaurant .
1	the atmosphere was out dated and very small but the food is authentic .
1	great experience & cool atmosphere .
1	still as good as always .
1	cooked to order fresh ingredients and an attentive staff .
1	it was delicious but i also like lengua taco soooooo !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	truly the best gyro i have ever had .
1	food is great .
1	in the past i have had the walnut baklava and it is great .
1	the hummus was really creamy and rich as well .
1	groceries are from all over the world and come at a reasonable price .
1	i highly recommend it !
1	middle eastern food at its best !
1	food is prepared fresh .
1	one of my favorite places to eat .
1	great middle eastern market and restaurant in tempe !
1	i love their food .
1	great food .
1	hummus is absolutely amazing .
1	at first , location seems kinda odd but it 's pretty perfect .
1	the food was excellent , plus they have a little store as well !
1	my boyfriend loves the vegetarian plate .
1	i love all the plates and always have hard time deciding .
1	the owner is a class act and the food is amazing .
1	i 'm very critical of hummus typically and i enjoyed this one .
1	amazing food and even better service !
1	loved the vibe with the middle eastern market .
1	very inexpensive delicious food .
1	waiters and guys behind the counter are so nice and funny .
1	definitely go here if you want good greek food !
1	i 'll never eat a value meal again .
1	it is also great to see the staff taking pride in what they do .
1	great service .
1	great value and a welcoming environment .
1	it is the most amazing roasted eggplant spread in the world !
1	the food was amazing !
1	you get the perfect amount of gyro meat and tzatziki .
1	is it the best food ?
1	first of all , it 's super affordable .
1	i 've tried a lot of different things and it 's all pretty authentic .
1	but it 's delicious .
1	service was great , very friendly and gave us recommendations .
1	overall i was very satisfied .
1	i just love the gyros .
1	hands down , the best middle eastern food i 've had .
1	simple .
1	great flavors .
1	they even sell household items , cosmetics and home decor .
1	also , our waiter was very friendly and accommodating !
1	a restaurant inside a grocery store ... but they serve up some great food !
1	i got the chicken shwarma and it was delicious !
1	the prices were right , the taste , and portions were decent .
1	i loved their restaurant and i truly love their market area as well .
1	their chocolates are so awesome .
1	definitely one of my favorite restaurants .
1	this is consistently the best veggie option in north america for the cost .
1	it 's that good and tasty .
1	oh my lord is this place good !
1	the food was delicious , my girlfriend and i really loved it .
1	this is by far , our favorite middle eastern place .
1	we are regulars and always get fantastic service .
1	honestly you ca n't go wrong by picking this place .
1	you can get both dinner and some authentic spices and tea .
1	best in town !
1	best baklava in town .
1	very cute deli and market , love the gyro special lunch with extra sauce .
1	the servings are pretty big and the service is good .
1	great food , funky local restaurant - my favorite kind .
1	they were busy for lunch but server and cashier were still gracious and nice .
1	everything was fresh and tasty .
1	i really like this place .
1	i really enjoy any of their pesto pizzas and greek pizzas .
1	very good .
1	they always have a nice array of different pizzas out there .
1	compared to other places in the area , its a steal for good food .
1	i prefer the outdoor seating if it 's nice outside , though .
1	perfect for a quick slice at noon or 2am .
1	great variety of toppings .
1	slices offers rather large portions of pizza for a great price .
1	a slice or two always hit the spot .
1	they have a wide variety of pizzas , and all of them are good .
1	they have a good variety of flavors and nice , friendly staff .
1	this is the best in tempe .
1	great selection .
1	best place to get a meal after the bars .
1	i personally love heading here for a quick bite to eat .
1	huge pieces of heaven .
1	super greasy but that 's part of the deliciousness !
1	good classic pizza and salads .
1	they make real new york pizza .
1	everyone was really nice and helpful .
1	their service was amazing .
1	we will definitely use them for years to come !
1	i like this place !
1	the place kicks .
1	the owner has always been very hospitable and professional .
1	the staff is outstanding and the owner is a class act all the way .
1	it is a great intimate setting to listen to live music .
1	thank you guys !
1	cool little shop in tempe .
1	eric is always helpful and can always find a way to help me out .
1	friendly and personable .
1	their manager steve was down-to-earth and genuine .
1	fantastic service .
1	it 's a bright , friendly atmosphere .
1	the prices are reasonable , and the food is delicious !
1	very good food .
1	the gyros are amazing and i love the meat lovers platter .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	always drop by this place when i 'm in tempe .
1	all in all an excellent combination .
1	good atmosphere and good food .
1	the mill location is fun as is the location in chandler .
1	love this place .
1	the waiter even brought us out a free baklava dessert which was also great !
1	love the lunch pita !
1	this is now my favorite restaurant on mill .
1	my friend got the village hummus here which was absolutely delicious .
1	mmm ... the salad dressing was fantastic !
1	the food is consistently tasty and they have a solid menu .
1	this is my new all time favorite place to go for outstanding greek food !
1	this place is soooooo good !
1	i prefer the regular ones but they are all pretty delicious .
1	very authentic greek restaurant .
1	excellent food quality and service .
1	great roasted garlic hummus , and their mojitos were surprisingly good too .
1	i got the gyro plate and i was definitely very happy with my choice .
1	we were all very impressed because we had n't said anything about the wait .
1	awesome food , awesome service .
1	i 've been several times and almost always enjoy the food .
1	much better than i remember since they reopened .
1	also , their drink cups are huge , which is great in summer .
1	lunch special is a total steal .
1	it 's just that good !
1	great restaurant and bar .
1	nice clean restrooms .
1	love the gyro !
1	a good place to go !
1	i have found they have good food and good service .
1	yummy and excellent service !
1	some of the best baklava you will ever have !
1	not so sweet and right on the spot with the cream served .
1	she knows everything on the menu and gives great recommendations .
1	after flaming cheese , these are the best !
1	logan our waiter was outstanding !
1	always friendly , always good .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	is always perfect when she does .
1	the fries or side salad ordered with entree are nicely portioned !
1	we really enjoyed our experience at this restaurant !
1	the service was excellent .
1	excellent gyro on a pita with a tasty greek salad ... spot on !
1	loved it !
1	great service .
1	great food .
1	amazing music .
1	service is efficient and food is good .
1	definitely great office lunch option .
1	she 'll take care of you .
1	the outdoor seating was very comfortable even in the heat .
1	people are always friendly , fast service , fair prices , delicious food !
1	highly recommend !
1	she brought our drink order and we ordered the calamari as an app .
1	brad the bartender took care of us , and was really attentive and friendly .
1	great greek food !
1	enjoyed lunch and this was my first visit .
1	our server was very jolly and attentive .
1	nice surrounding with the option to eat outside .
1	all were good .
1	greek salad was good .
1	almost as good as my moms !
1	great atmosphere .
1	very good combo .
1	still thinking about the amazing french fries and fresh greek salad !
1	excellent customer service !
1	i would highly recommend her !
1	was n't so great a while back , but has improved greatly !
1	friendly staff .
1	great spray tan ( use the barrier cream on your hands and feet ) .
1	this place is great !
1	loved her !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	the food is pretty good .
1	their salsa is addicting and i always have plenty of food to take home .
1	i recommend sitting inside if you want to be in and out .
1	they have great food , decent beer selection and its near the college .
1	one of my favorite mexican restaurants in tempe and peoria .
1	the chips and salsa are also very tasty .
1	very good place pre and post football games and to watch sports .
1	the waiters were on top of keeping drinks and food fresh .
1	good place to visit !
1	best drink specials in tempe !
1	enjoyed the dinner and live entertainment .
1	the food is great , and the service is great .
1	it 's my favorite macayo 's location !
1	i came here for my birthday dinner and it was awesome !
1	the atmosphere is almost as good as the food .
1	always spell that one wrong ) took damn good care of us .
1	it was so unique and not the simple run of the mill mexican breakfast .
1	the orange margarita is fantastic !
1	great atmosphere and friendly staff !
1	so fantastic and my family really enjoyed themselves .
1	awesome experience even with it being a late night dinner .
1	indoor and outdoor seating , perfect for year round enjoyment .
1	it was awesome and cooked just right !
1	you definitely get a good amount of food for what you pay for .
1	we always leave feeling stuffed and with leftovers .
1	i had the baja burro and it was outstanding .
1	happy hour is great , live music on the weekends .
1	great food , nice location and great live music .
1	i always love going to macayo 's !
1	very friendly staff and the blackened ahi tacos are delicious !
1	best frozen margarita and under $ _num_ , please and thank you !
1	these drinks were a treat for the day we had out in the sun .
1	they have some really good margaritas too !
1	hats off to you to having consistent and delicious mexican food !
1	i got steak fajitas and they were awesome .
1	i love macayo 's !
1	portion size was great for the price .
1	get service and great place .
1	we will continue to come back and request him every time !
1	we enjoyed our night together thanks to you and the staff tonight .
1	friendly service form the hostess to the servers to the food runners to management .
1	this place just gets it .
1	great price , great bikes , great customer service !
1	they 're happy to tune it up and provide great service .
1	to my surprise and delight they said they could .
1	they have pretty much anything photography related !
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	awesome place .
1	great service ; love the staff .
1	highly recommended .
1	i 've been very happy with all of my experiences here .
1	the staff knows what they are talking about and are happy to explain anything !
1	their repair department is a delight to work with .
1	had the absolute best experience w/ tempe camera .
1	they are always eager to help and they know their stuff .
1	they have an amazing repair department !
1	the man was so nice and patient .
1	highly recommend !
1	very nice and helpful on the phone , and same in the store .
1	tempe camera is the best .
1	lucky to have it in town .
1	they are always nice and make you feel comfortable .
1	it is the best camera shop with great prices .
1	thanks tempe camera !
1	it came back feeling , sounding , and working like new .
1	good camera service and friendly team .
1	good prices on film also .
1	thanks guys and girl !
1	very helpful .
1	i 'm new to photography and david was patient explaining new items to me .
1	thank you tempe camera !
1	i forget his name but he 's very personable and comes off honest .
1	they also have the best selection of used clubs at rock bottom prices .
1	go check it out !
1	susie 's is great -- not the best but friendly , dingy and tasty .
1	but the food is great .
1	but it 's good .
1	i will definitely be back for more !
1	good food .
1	i love when they have a mariachi band .
1	plus there beans and cheese are like crack ... so damn good .
1	its a nice place to go to !
1	good people , awesome food .
1	love their salsa and green chile .
1	family and service is very friendly .
1	i love this place .
1	great green chile !
1	inexpensive and good .
1	will be back for sure .
1	oh yeah , their tortillas are amazing !
1	really good authentic mexican food .
1	homemade tamales are amazing .
1	try and enjoy !
1	very good mexican food !
1	chips and salsa were also very good .
1	this is a good little family mexican restaurant .
1	the prices are also incredibly reasonable .
1	but the food was sooooo good .
1	the traditional soups are really good .
1	good mexican food .
1	_num_ free chips and salsa basket per table .
1	lets just stop that this place is ridiculously good ... .
1	fresh tortillas and green chili stew - done , just order it .
1	this place has been great since a buddy took me here in _num_ .
1	some of the best mexican food in the valley .
1	staff is really friendly and the food is always fresh .
1	ken 's auto is the best !
1	i feel like i 'm getting the family discount as well .
1	ive been back several times with the same great experience .
1	they offer very good price and do a very good job .
1	i love ken 's !
1	really love this place !
1	ken 's is awesome ; will definitely be back !
1	this is my favorite starbucks location !
1	for these reasons i still go .
1	service is always fast and the employees are very friendly .
1	yesterday i ordered a coffee and a breakfast wrap .
1	and they always have a smile on your face and ask about your day .
1	the employees there are very friendly , knowledgeable and always treat me like family .
1	one of my favorite starbucks .
1	yay , im a fan .
1	nice job on this location !
1	morning crew is fantastic !
1	they save my life !
1	the employees are great and a couple of the guys even remember my name !
1	they have your usual starbucks drinks and staff and other amenities .
1	this place is great for random gifts , humorous books and furnishings .
1	i can definitely see myself returning to shop here !
1	this girl should be managing this place .
1	and the staff is always super friendly .
1	had a photo booth inside !
1	great park for spring training .
1	so awesome .
1	i love this place .
1	you can always get a good buy no matter what you 're buying .
1	i love this place !
1	this place is great .
1	the service is great and the menu substantial .
1	a bit spicy , but i always enjoyed it .
1	the food is great , the service is great .
1	this is my favorite place in town to go for chinese food .
1	the food is authentic and prepared fresh .
1	good , solid chinese food at a very reasonable price .
1	quick , tasty , and affordable .
1	also the egg flower soup was good but it was spicy .
1	especially with the sweet orange sauce !
1	owner is delightful .
1	they make you feel special and happy to have you a customer .
1	could n't of loved the woman in charge more !
1	delicious lo mein and vey friendly family owned place .
1	defiantly worth a trip in .
1	very friendly owner , simple place with very delicous food !
1	i would highly recommend this restaurant !
1	still glad they are around and still awesome .
1	great decor and lots of light .
1	the owner was a sweetheart and very nice .
1	the family that owns it is very friendly and welcoming .
1	they are a great local business , downtown tempe is lucky to have them .
1	everything was excellent !
1	mmm now i want to order more !
1	delicious vegan / vegetarian options .
1	our favorite is the spicy eggplant dish .
1	try it with cashews and broccoli !
1	definitely the best restaurant in tempe .
1	service is always attentive and through .
1	everything was pretty good .
1	the owners are super nice and it 's overall a wonderful vibe .
1	family run and they are so nice .
1	fried rice is always a favorite , along with dumplings !
1	perfect .
1	the food is amazing , and at a good price .
1	the staff is awesome .
1	first of all , cute spacious chinese restaurant .
1	they have lots of tofu options which is great for vegans ect .
1	dumplings , beef and broccoli , and hot and sour soup were all fantastic .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
1	the food is great and very reasonably priced .
1	they 're always terrific .
1	the mongolian beef and orange beef are also like none other .
1	they use fresh ingredients and take pride in every dish .
1	they have crazy good lunch specials and the dinner atmosphere is nice and warm .
1	family run business with great ambience and super friendly staff .
1	love this place !
1	i thought it was pretty good , especially the salsa .
1	: ) the place is an institution and the locals love it .
1	the fried tacos are awesome and the margaritas are pretty good !
1	the service is always great !
1	i recommend this if you want real mexican food that is n't overpriced !
1	two words : fundido style !
1	either way , it 's worth it to go there just for that .
1	probably the best red chile burro i 've had here in the valley .
1	it 's great .
1	they 're intimate while still crowded next to each other .
1	this is our favorite family-run mexican restaurant in the tempe area .
1	i got the green chile burro in fundido sauce , very good .
1	great place to take your car !
1	also , they help me replace my passenger seat belt .
1	very good place .
1	see you soon .
1	i spoke with the service staff and explained my situation .
1	they do good work at a reasonable price .
1	eric and the staff are easy to work with .
1	always good reliable work .
1	definitely the best value in the entire valley hands down .
1	i 'm very satisfied with my results and they 're professional service .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	two thumbs up .
1	they are friendly , honest and have taken good care of me .
1	a million thanks !
1	eric and kathy take such good care of me and my kia .
1	eric and kathy are great .
1	the prices are reasonable and certainly on the affordable side when i price matched .
1	prices may be high but is due to the fact of location .
1	these guys are as good as it gets .
1	i really love their cream pan and hot dog pan .
1	the bread is so airy and delicate .
1	you bet your sweet little tooth !
1	delicious .
1	the father and sons team are amazing !
1	just perfect !
1	i ca n't say enough about this bakery , everything is so delicious !
1	i will definitely come back to buy birthday cake .
1	everyone liked it and it had a cute frosting puppy decoration on top .
1	it 's great .
1	the sandwiches are super delicious !
1	the tiramisu shake sounds intriguing !
1	if you love cake , this is the place for it .
1	friendly service and gorgeous , tasty baked goods .
1	best ( asian ) pastry in town !
1	sooo yummy !
1	also the packaging is adorable .
1	nice staffs , always give me big smile every time i walk in .
1	but we 're in the middle of the desert so i 'll round up .
1	for the most part ... best pastry bakery shop with the best cakes .
1	okay .
1	great desserts .
1	customer service excellent .
1	i absolutely love this bakery !
1	this place is ridiculously amazing .
1	very friendly staff , and you can tell they love what they do .
1	definitely it is a good dessert place to try .
1	the owner was really sweet and kind .
1	$ _num_ is a reasonable price for this wonderful cake .
1	hands down the best in phoenix area .
1	it 's a bit pricey but well worth the price .
1	it was amazing !
1	not overly sweet and very smooth !
1	i also tried the earl grey cake and it was amazing !
1	everything was so delicious .
1	great pastries .
1	try it and you will be back for more .
1	i am hooked !
1	both were so delicious we could n't stop taking one bite after the other .
1	the curry pan was light fluffy and has a very tasty curry inside .
1	the burgers are just as good as i remembered them .
1	best fast food ever !
1	wonderful low priced food .
1	love the fries !
1	the fries on their own are worth the trip .
1	do n't get me wrong it was worth it .
1	i absolutely love their cheeseburgers and fries .
1	this place is great .
1	the gentleman that made my coffee is exceptional .
1	inside is very clean , very comfy ... .
1	staff is always nice .
1	by far the best coffee around .
1	the tea and sandwiches were great .
1	great taste , friendly customer service , easy location , great interior .
1	it 's a family owned business with high ethics , and extremely nice people .
1	it has a good selection of pastries and delicious smoothies .
1	the staff were very nice and personable .
1	they have really good coffee here .
1	i recommend trying the daily specials , always interesting and absolutely delicious .
1	large menu to chose from , or create your own .
1	and that free cookie is a perfect sweet ending .
1	( their jumbo cookies are pretty darn good too ! )
1	this place is amazing !
1	this place is great !
1	yum , yum !
1	i like it !
1	if so , i 'll be back !
1	the trail rides are great as well .
1	ca n't beat the scenery and the staff is wonderful !
1	spinach calzones are outstanding .
1	they have some funny hours so call before you go .
1	best pizza in the east valley .
1	chicago style pizza with a unique sweet sauce .
1	their spaghetti calzone is the best calzone i have ever had .
1	their sauce is very sweet , but it really is addicting !
1	the best pizza this side of the mississippi !
1	ok , if you love pizza you got ta go to spinato 's !
1	simply the best pizza i have ever tasted .
1	one of the top _num_ pizzas in the valley !
1	do n't even know how to begin ... chicago style pizza here amazing !
1	i will definitely be ordering from here again !
1	you have to try the `` mama spinatos signature fresh spinach pizza !
1	highly recommend !
1	i like spinato 's pretty okay .
1	the staff is friendly and attentive .
1	i 've never had their thick crust , but their thin is very good .
1	the pizza is so good .
1	this is the best pizza i 've ever had .
1	this pizza is phenomenal .
1	it reminds me of one of my favorite places in chicago .
1	the pizza over the years has been consistently good .
1	a hidden gem of a pizzeria in tempe .
1	it really is as good as it gets at spinato 's .
1	the sauce is amazing - completely full of flavor .
1	absolutely delicious !
1	i was so happy to hear they added it to their menu .
1	it was bigger than _num_ '' and was so delicious !
1	the pizza is great .
1	the salad was great and the pizza was awesome .
1	the food ... it was very good .
1	what a hidden gem !
1	the restaurant is small and intimate and fills up quickly during dinner and lunch .
1	the most fantastic pizza i have ever had the opportunity to enjoy .
1	staff is friendly and quick and the place has a great clean homey vibe .
1	oh my heck , this is the best pizza ever !
1	the sweet , homemade sauce compliments it perfectly .
1	awesome pizza !
1	the cheese bread is always a winner !
1	great and delicious !
1	great pizza with a nice crust , fresh toppings , and filling .
1	service was really great .
1	the staff is friendly and the environment inside is cozy .
1	a little sweet is what some people tell me .
1	worth the visit and go hungry and get the salad .
1	one salad will feed two and maybe three people .
1	love this pizza !
1	highly recommended !
1	the service is always good and the pizza is always the same : amazing !
1	great place to take a date .
1	it does get pretty packed but so worth it .
1	i enjoyed my pizza .
1	the sauce tasted very sweet so be prepared for that .
1	i absolutely love this place .
1	the calzones are also fantastic !
1	amazing pizza .
1	highly recommended !
1	this place is amazing !
1	the pizza and calzone were amazing .
1	it 's worth it .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	the pizza choices were excellent and the service was very good .
1	amazing gluten-free pizza !
1	spinato 's is the best and i am getting another today !
1	the pizza is superb .
1	some of the best in arizona .
1	wow !
1	spinato 's is just as good .
1	crust , sauce , toppings , flavor were fantastic .
1	nice service .
1	their pizza ad calzones are delicious !
1	fresh tomato sauce and ricotta cheese !
1	but overall very good .
1	the pizza had good flavor and the crust was just right .
1	baby spinach is delicious too .
1	order for pick up and enjoy it at home .
1	and the cannoli best ever !
1	the delivery drivers are fantastic .
1	i love spinatos .
1	the pizza is so good .
1	the spaghetti calzone is so unique and delicious .
1	this place has the one of the best pies i have had .
1	it 's the favorite we were told which makes sense .
1	best pizza in arizona hands down .
1	we love coming here .
1	a little more pricey but you can taste the quality .
1	enjoy !
1	meats are incredibly high quality .
1	plus they deliver !
1	spinato 's has the best pizza in the valley .
1	everything i 've tried has been great .
1	my personal favorite is the get meaty pizza .
1	i also recommend ordering a spaghetti calzone with meatballs and ricotta .
1	love this place .
1	kinda hard to find but well worth it .
1	and pepperoni & pineapple w/ extra sauce .
1	the tempe location is a little isolated but the food and service are great .
1	service was great and food was good !
1	their sauce has sugar in it so you will be hooked in no time !
1	my husband told me this is the best pizza he 's ever had !
1	everyone was friendly , and the place is clean .
1	very cute and small inside .
1	spinato 's has , by far , the best pizza i 've ever had .
1	their spaghetti calzone is my absolute favorite .
1	but once you find it , you 'll keep coming back !
1	the best pizza in tempe !
1	they 're both amazing .
1	to top everything off , the service was amazing .
1	very polite , efficient , and genuine .
1	thanks to two of my friends for introducing this place .
1	what a great little find thanks to yelp !
1	we will definitely be back !
1	i like the sweetness of the spinato sauce .
1	freaking outstanding pizza !
1	it 's a treat whenever i go .
1	person taking my order over the phone was friendly and energetic .
1	nice family-owned atmosphere .
1	four words : spaghetti and meatball calzone .
1	great food and really friendly staff .
1	it 's not really deep dish but it 's still very good .
1	their garlic bread with mozzarella is so delicious !
1	service was great and the atmosphere was cute and intimate .
1	spinato 's has the best pizza in the valley .
1	very happy camper - referred a friend the other day .
1	would recommend this place and i will be coming back .
1	another gem found thanks to yelp .
1	excellent flavor , quality ingredients , served by a most awesome waitress maria .
1	this place is legendary .
1	an amazing balance of flavor and texture in the six medium pizza .
1	great calzone !
1	amazing gf pizza .
1	worth the long wait times .
1	great pizza .
1	we love love love this pizza !
1	staff is amazing & always so friendly .
1	and they are good .
1	best pizza and calzone in the area .
1	quite simply the best pizza in arizona .
1	the sweet sauce blends perfectly with their delicious crust .
1	i love this place .
1	i recommend trying this place out .
1	we had a large pizza and it was amazing !
1	cooked to perfection and loaded with flavor .
1	this may be my new favorite pizza place !
1	this is a five star place .
1	this place is the greatest !
1	their spaghetti and meatballs calzone is top three best things i 've ever eaten .
1	amazing gluten free pizza !
1	pepperoni and the chicago just outstanding .
1	spinato 's pizza is by far the best !
1	thanks to spinatos for bringing a piece of my hometown to the valley !
1	so first my order got screwed up and i 'm still giving _num_ stars .
1	the staff was excellent and i will for sure eat here again .
1	they always have fresh ingredients & great service .
1	best pizza in tempe .
1	the staff is friendly .
1	excellent pizza , with lots of variety and options .
1	solid service , too .
1	if you 're a pizza lover , i definitely recommend this place .
1	spinatos is delicious .
1	this is without a doubt the best pizza in phoenix .
1	i recommend highly !
1	hands down , the best pizza in the valley .
1	this place is great !
1	we came a little before closing , everyone was friendly and attentive .
1	everything was delicious and amazing !
1	this place is so good .
1	love the hidden location .
1	the pizza tasted great .
1	the pizza sauce is awesome and the crust was perfect .
1	the pizza was excellent however customer service means more to me .
1	if you have n't tried it this place is a must !
1	even the gluten free garlic bread was good !
1	the best pizza in arizona !
1	i absolutely will be back here .
1	great service and happy hour specials .
1	the pizza was really great .
1	the pizza and calzones are beautifully crafted and cooked .
1	went here for the first time today and it was all around amazing .
1	the cannoli was also really delicious too !
1	the sauce is on the sweeter side and absolutely compliments the other ingredients .
1	with its amazing sweet strawberry dressing .
1	loved the pizza !
1	she was attentive , hilarious , and full of positive energy .
1	happy hour is is the best !
1	my fave is the super six ( well done ) .
1	i love spinatos !
1	it is some of the best i have had !
1	this place is so good .
1	the overall atmosphere is great .
1	absolutely wonderful chicago pizza .
1	everything was perfect .
1	every dish is the same , a true example of fresh ingredients .
1	it is the best thing i have ever had .
1	excellent service .
1	decent pizza .
1	absolutely amazing pizza sauce .
1	so sweet and addicting .
1	the get meaty pizza if the pizza to get !
1	love their spicy italian pizza and the get meaty pizza !
1	the sauce is delicious & the meatballs & onions are too .
1	they make a great pizza .
1	hands down this is by far the best 10/10 !
1	best pizza place in arizona !
1	delicious .
1	great- now i 'm craving some spinato 's !
1	i prefer extra crispy .
1	i was really impressed with the spaghetti calzone .
1	sweet tasting sauce with fresh ingredients .
1	friendly staff .
1	my favorite place !
1	great food !
1	the food is worth it and pizza and calzones are awesome !
1	definitely recommend this place !
1	so far every pizza i have tried has been delicious !
1	definitely going back !
1	the meatball trio is to excellent .
1	great pizza !
1	well be back for more !
1	great attentive staff !
1	the menu has something for everyone .
1	the super _num_ was was very tasty and loaded with toppings .
1	the garlic bread is also yummy & the staff is laid back & friendly .
1	loooove this place !
1	incredible pizza and friendly service !
1	tempe is the original spinatos location - the real deal !
1	pizza was fantastic .
1	service was as well .
1	i 'm definitely going back .
1	ingredients were very fresh .
1	i will definitely be going again !
1	every meal we 've had there has been great .
1	the pizza is absolutely amazing !
1	i love anything spicy so i added the peppers with pepperoni !
1	it was the best pizza ever !
1	i would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great pizza !
1	a very yummy combination of flavors .
1	this was my first time here and i 'd definitely go back .
1	the pizza has a great flavor and the toppings were good quality .
1	this is a chain now , but the sauce is amazing .
1	i love this bar .
1	go and check out the live hip hop acts and art .
1	with a great selection !
1	the food was good and i loved the chill atmosphere .
1	stray cat is by far my favorite dive bar !
1	great mix of asian cuisine .
1	bamboo club is definitely a hidden gem on mill .
1	i was a huge fan of bamboo .
1	great for lunch .
1	this is as good as it gets for phoenix pho .
1	the service has been good to great every time i have gone .
1	i love pho .
1	it 's the kind of food that warms your heart and tummy .
1	really good pho !
1	this pho place is quiet and small .
1	great quick lunch and you ca n't beat the prices !
1	great portions for the price .
1	the food is always great .
1	everything was good and service was fast .
1	# _num_ is absolutely yummy .
1	lots of fresh veggies on the side .
1	definitely worth stopping by to have a taste .
1	the building was a little out dated , but the food was good .
1	good people that you can talk to ... i like that .
1	the owner is the salesperson who helped me .
1	very knowledgeable and very friendly .
1	i was extremely happy with my experience .
1	the employees were very nice and helpful , not pushy .
1	the owner larry and his staff are very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	i have to say that this place is great .
1	they have really great deals and the place is really cool .
1	this could be the best kept secret in town .
1	again , absolutly love this place , fantastic work every time .
1	this is the first time i feel comfortable taking my car into a mechanic .
1	i would highly recommend this company !
1	they have always been responsive , quick for service , and very professional .
1	_num_ thumbs up !
1	nice employees , had whipped cream which i also needed .
1	this is a great corner store .
1	i found it on mistake and pretty much welcome with open arms lol .
1	the team is helpful and the owner knows his stuff .
1	very reasonable prices and very great customer service .
1	kyle is the man !
1	this place rocks !
1	always a good selection and the prices are right too .
1	excellent place for hot dogs .
1	this is just a great place worth driving across town for .
1	come enjoy !
1	best hot dog and fries i have had in years .
1	one of the best hotdog places i have ever been to .
1	i love the free refills .
1	as far as on campus grub goes this place is top class .
1	good .
1	probably one of the best hotdog places i 've been to .
1	food is delicious .
1	delicious food !
1	decent prices .
1	great for a quick lunch on campus to keep you full for a while .
1	pretty darn good dogs worth the price .
1	dave 's dog house is top notch and absolutely delicious !
1	these ladies are serious about great dogs .
1	she makes the best grilled cheese sandwiches !
1	best in az i 've ever had !
1	if you are close definitely stop and try it !
1	absolutely yummy .
1	great selection and gluten free options .
1	worth the drive !
1	honestly my favorite place i 've visited so far .
1	music was good .
1	went on a sat and the dj was great .
1	i really enjoyed myself .
1	this place is great , and the patio is very spacious .
1	all of them are really powerful .
1	nice spot on mill ave , in tempe .
1	place is awesome !
1	good times !
1	i had the loaded fries and shared it with a friend pretty legit !
1	it is a nice change to normal beer or vodka drinks everywhere else .
1	the patio is nice and huge now with tvs and an outside bar .
1	i had the fruit cocktail one , super good .
1	i can really tell she loves her job .
1	it is because of owners like chad that make a great and successful business .
1	my favorite place on all of mill !
1	so good .
1	thank you for a great happy hour !
1	actually going tomorrow night with a group of friends for my birthday !
1	so pleased with today 's service .
1	great service !
1	great bartenders and staff .
1	highly recommend .
1	always bringing lots of friends , and always having fun .
1	everyone is really awesome and friendly .
1	you got ta try it out !
1	love this place especially the bellini .
1	good happy hour with the drink prices .
1	i have hence tried this place again .
1	great service , good food and good beer .
1	heaven assisted us through the whole night !
1	great drinks .
1	check out the local beers , the dance floor , and the margarita mixes .
1	very nice bar tender and quick service !
1	this is my favorite place for frozen drinks !
1	and the servers are friendly and helpful !
1	great service from our bartender brandon .
1	thanks to brandon for the excellent service !
1	michelle is always great and easy to deal with .
1	they offer fair pricing , and will ship your order if needed .
1	the print quality last forever !
1	jenna is the best !
1	super reasonable rates , you definitely get your money 's worth .
1	this place allows dogs !
1	i 'm very pleased with this hotel !
1	clean room , big bathroom and closet .
1	they are totally cool with dogs , even in the pool area .
1	clean , comfortable , friendly staff .
1	he was great , and i 'd recommend him to anyone that goes here .
1	bottom line : they charge a fair rate and do a good job .
1	great work .
1	michael is the best tattoo artist , ever .
1	harley made it look great .
1	eric , the tattoo artist was really nice , fast and clean .
1	awesome job by jimmy gee .
1	he was super friendly and made me feel super comfortable .
1	will definitely be back ... thanks jimmy !
1	that 's right , most ink has animal products in it !
1	getting to root through everything to find a treasure ?
1	i loved this store .
1	all for great prices .
1	i love the new building and am so impressed by the construction .
1	i love these guys !
1	the girls in the store are lovely !
1	i had a very good experience !
1	i have found the most unique pieces of jewelry there !
1	he is wonderful though !
1	very friendly staff !
1	i had my ring repaired - very fast friendly service !
1	some have been very nice and helpful .
1	definitely tempe 's finest booze vendor .
1	and trust me , you 'll feel the same way .
1	and tops is the place that makes us happy .
1	hi , i really like to drink !
1	top 's is pretty much the best liquor store ever .
1	chances are very good that you will find what you are looking for .
1	best liquor store i have ever been to .
1	thanks top 's !
1	i love the selection here .
1	whoa ... what a cool , cluttered lil store .
1	friendly staff , too .
1	see ya there !
1	there 's a lot and it 's mostly in bottles .
1	the staff here is the best .
1	there 's so many awesome beers that we still have to try !
1	check it out !
1	good as it gets .
1	extremely knowledgeable .
1	tops has a great selection and a ( mostly ) knowledgeable staff .
1	i always enjoy my trip there .
1	you need a good selection , top 's will make it happen !
1	lol !
1	best beer selection in town and rare and tasty liquor !
1	reasonable pricing and knowledgeable staff .
1	a longtime tempe gem !
1	but its worth it .
1	this is the best package liquor store in phoenix without a doubt .
1	anything you want sold in singles , with a discount section .
1	best selection in phoenix .
1	at times service is prompt and friendly , at times not .
1	great for a one or two night stay .
1	room was pristine and spacious .
1	the room was quiet , spacious and clean .
1	our waitress was nice and polite and the food was really good .
1	they are pretty fast on the delivery as well .
1	every body , new owners !
1	food was good and service was fast .
1	tasty and timely , now that 's the ticket !
1	through a change in ownership , their dedication to their customers has remained constant .
1	the food is superb .
1	so stop in try them out i bet you 'll be pleasantly surprise !
1	switched , again , to new ownership .
1	the french dip is also a great lunch item and the fries are awesome .
1	timing of order taking and food on the table was pretty fast .
1	great service , with a smile .
1	we will all definitely be back !
1	plus , it 's always packed !
1	the teriyaki chicken is my new favorite .
1	the owner is extremely friendly , and the portions are large .
1	amount of food they served compare to its price was worth spending .
1	this place is a great little hole-in-the-wall restaurant .
1	love the teriyaki chicken that they have here and the prices are good too .
1	or heck any of their curry is amazing .
1	charlie is really friendly .
1	the food is all really tasty .
1	the lunch specials are great !
1	great fast asian food .
1	place was packed during lunch .
1	the staff was incredibly kind and very grateful for the tip i left .
1	the service is good too .
1	props to not only the great food but the polite owner !
1	very friendly atmosphere .
1	good place for a quick , cheap , filling and healthy lunch !
1	friendly people and quick service .
1	we come here often -- fresh vegetables , great noodles , and yummy sauces !
1	love going to this teriyaki spot !
1	i would recommend their service .
1	i will definitely use them again !
1	magic maids do an excellent job !
1	they are very professional , thorough and personable and reasonably priced .
1	i came to get a tire fixed and they got it done relatively fast .
1	i always go to this pep boys because they are so amazing .
1	i would recommend this pep boys , and their amazing team .
1	full break job at a great price .
1	i walked in about an hour before close looking for a simple oil change .
1	thanks .
1	thanks again for the great service !
1	he was cool and honest .
1	steaks are delicious and cooked well .
1	it 's cheaper to go here than one of those chain steak restaurants .
1	sides are good as well .
1	the server 's are incredibly nice and very attentive .
1	went here for our first time last week and it was amazing .
1	good steak , good not great service , atmosphere .
1	their bread is wonderful it is sweat with rosemary on top .
1	it was a good dinner .
1	love it here !
1	always really liked it .
1	best steak ( filet ) i 've had in some time .
1	monti 's still does the best steaks and prime rib .
1	it was definitely a night to remember !
1	always a good steak for the price .
1	it is so good .
1	the food is wonderful and everything is cooked just the way you like it .
1	roman bread is the best !
1	good food , good service , and good prices .
1	what a great place , the history is rich and so are the desserts .
1	the food was excellent and our waiter jesse was friendly and helpful .
1	the next time we are in tempe we will definitely eat there again .
1	the location is great , on mill st and there 's even free parking .
1	the plus side is that they use decent ingredients .
1	delicious !
1	this place is simply great .
1	great burger and friendly staff .
1	our friend took us to monti 's and it was amazing .
1	delicious !
1	great service !
1	ca n't recommend this place enough !
1	no complaints here , the food is always awesome !
1	everything came out perfect .
1	i got the sirloin steak it was cooked perfectly and the meat was fresh .
1	we will come back !
1	the food and drinks were very good along with the service .
1	very fluffy and tasty .
1	thanks for being awesome !
1	ordered the guacamole ; very creamy , great flavor , enjoyed that very much .
1	the entree came with salad and a soup .
1	really excellent handmade soup , with lots of chicken , lots of veggies .
1	steak and prime rib came out and were both outstanding .
1	everything i have had on the menu ( mostly steak ) was delicious .
1	delicious !
1	good food , really cool , old restaurant .
1	monti 's has one of the best steak dinners in town .
1	the ribeye i ordered was tender , juicy , and tasty .
1	i prefer it cooked at medium .
1	our server was attentive and accessible .
1	what a massive steak !
1	very entertaining .
1	i have brought my bike in and had them work on it right then !
1	sometimes they have great deals on used bikes to sell .
1	nice people .
1	highly recommended .
1	i highly recommend this shop .
1	i took my bike in for their silver tune up package .
1	the older lady is nice too .
1	elliot took my bike in right away and inspected it in front of me .
1	my bike was ready later the same day and he did great work .
1	good quality items .
1	the staff there are nice .
1	the guys over here are great .
1	everyone on their staff is knowledgeable , friendly and helpful .
1	thanks and i have have now become a loyal customer .
1	quick service , delicious food , and friendly people .
1	this place is very good .
1	it is a mix of fast food and a general greasy spoon .
1	filled me up perfectly !
1	i love sandwiches too !
1	the food is awesome , and the service is fast .
1	best place to grab a sandwich .
1	they treat you like family while your there .
1	i love their chicken salad , so yummy !
1	best choice i have ever made .
1	gordon & mary are the best .
1	perfect hole in the wall eatery .
1	great chow , low prices , great service , good vibe , good parking .
1	hearty comfort food at a great price .
1	try it , you 'll probably like it .
1	gordon and mary are the nicest people .
1	great food , great service , and really make you feel at home .
1	definitely a great place to eat in tempe during the week !
1	i would highly recommend !
1	awesome !
1	this restaurant is definitely a must-try and i promise it will not disappoint you !
1	the owner gordon is very nice and accommodating .
1	gordon and mary are amazing and make you feel at home .
1	love you gordon and mary !
1	lots of love and best wishes !
1	good luck .
1	portions are generous and the coffee great .
1	gordon was kind enough to give us some ice to keep them .
1	the guy gordon that works here is the man !
1	both ridiculously delicious .
1	literally , every day .
1	friendly staff that made you feel at home .
1	: ) love it !
1	definitely give this place a try , i swear you 'll be hooked !
1	best .
1	i highly recommend `` the truth '' sandwich .
1	also , mary and gordon are awesome and always welcoming !
1	thanks !
1	fresh mushrooms would make the sandwich much better .
1	very inexpensive for how good the food is !
1	love this finding places like this !
1	food is amazingly fresh and made with love .
1	good !
1	good food .
1	ordered the veggie sandwich and it was delicious !
1	this is a great local sandwich shop .
1	easily one of the best sandwiches that i 've ever had .
1	what a delicious sandwich !
1	gordon and mary are super friendly and their staff is terrific .
1	i really enjoyed it .
1	perfect place for lunch !
1	great food .
1	the owner always greets and makes sure everything is perfect .
1	staff is always friendly .
1	i work close to this place so it 's always convenient for lunch .
1	recently discovered their amazing sandwiches and customer service !
1	what a gem .
1	tasty !
1	inexpensive and a daily favorite .
1	the salads are big and very fresh .
1	gordon and marry work there back sides for the best possible meal !
1	the shop rate is better than most .
1	great place for any jeep repair .
1	i am confident that they are honest and thorough in their work .
1	we will definitely be using this local family operated company again !
1	thank you again for an awesome job !
1	we were greeted right away by a knowledgable and friendly sales person .
1	this place is so cute and such a loving facility .
1	great prices even greater location .
1	highly recommend this place had some great memories with great people .
1	first , the staff was amazing .
1	the pool area was great .
1	overall , we had a nice stay .
1	the price is also very reasonable .
1	pretty good salon .
1	clean and friendly .
1	there can be a bit of a wait , but they provide great service .
1	that was the best decision ever .
1	they are very precise and the location is clean and very modern .
1	i have also gotten tips put on and those have been fantastic as well !
1	katie for gels is my recommendation .
1	i can relax and enjoy being there .
1	the location is clean and spacious .
1	absolutely love my nails .
1	nothing but amazing things to say about this nail spot !
1	everyone was so friendly .
1	friendly high quality my nails last forever and they always fit me in !
1	i liked it here .
1	it was perfect .
1	my lady was thorough and she did a good job .
1	i love that so many stuffed animals are in the store just in case .
1	great value and customer service , i definitely recommend them every time !
1	love this place always great flowers and service !
1	i would absolutely recommend campus flowers !
1	this place is amazing !
1	i would definitely recommend this place to anyone !
1	great for dinner parties as well .
1	amazing food ... although at times it is n't as memorable as others .
1	friendly , knowledgeable staff .
1	my favorite place i have eaten at while visiting the phoenix area .
1	i highly recommend !
1	the food is wonderful and the menu changes frequently .
1	quiet and romantic .
1	this is our special treat restaurant ... first date , anniversary .
1	they always take great care of us .
1	i really like this place for lunch or dinner .
1	for lunch , try their iced tea ... very refreshing .
1	any dinner entree ( especially beef ) is sure to please .
1	every meal i have had here has been delicious .
1	great prices and friendly service !
1	they have a good beer selection too .
1	the first time was actually for dinner - it was pretty decent .
1	i have had a great experience here twice .
1	this is my favorite restaurant in tempe .
1	the house itself is very intimate , with brightly colored walls and warm atmosphere .
1	each course we had brought beautiful presentation and touches of character .
1	you 'll thank me later .
1	i enjoyed everything about this restaurant .
1	very good food !
1	hot is a great afternoon spot .
1	this is a great restaurant for a date or a special occasion .
1	the setting is amazing.
1	seating inside and outside - great for date night or with a group .
1	lots of great healthy menu options .
1	what i really liked the most ?
1	those cute old plates they leave in every table .
1	exquisite food .
1	generous portions for the entrees and a unique selection of desserts .
1	i would definitely recommend this restaurant for a group or a nice romantic dinner .
1	it 's worth going to for special occasions .
1	the service was also great .
1	our waiter was very attentive .
1	this place was great all the way around , highly recommended !
1	great- got to try a ton of things on the menu !
1	wow !
1	very good food .
1	great place for lunch .
1	charming , wonderful , delicious .
1	unique patio dining experience in the evening .
1	it 's charming , open and has plenty of seating outside .
1	the food here is basic luncheon food such as tasty sandwiches .
1	the staff was extremely friendly and they were there at all the right times .
1	the salmon itself was tender , and flavorful .
1	food is so amazing as well as their drinks .
1	cheese plate , shorts ribs , and bread quite good .
1	the service is not the best but the atmosphere definitely makes up for it !
1	went for a business lunch and had the banh mi which was very good .
1	the warm bread with `` special '' butter is a great starter .
1	excellent service .
1	i loved the outside patio .
1	the sandwich was great , especially the crunch of the brown sugar bacon .
1	i love the service and ambiance as well .
1	a bit pricey but that is relative .
1	i 'm impressed every time i order .
1	once again a great valentines at house of tricks .
1	perfect food and atmosphere right off mill .
1	my wife and i celebrated both , and this was a wonderful place .
1	we also had a wonderful quail for our starters .
1	we went on monday and the place was jumping !
1	consistently wonderful service and food .
1	the cheese plate is delicious and their happy hour is fantastic .
1	definitely a place that i would recommend to others !
1	we were pleasantly surprised to discover that the restaurant offers a children 's menu .
1	note also that free lot parking is available .
1	a delightful atmosphere both inside and on the deck , in a charming house .
1	great menu with unusual choices of appetizers and entres and a terrific wine list .
1	our servers are attentive and very pleasant .
1	this place is amazing .
1	great food , good service , and a lovely space .
1	highly recommend their pb & j .
1	this is one of the best places in the valley .
1	the service was exceptional .
1	the food was delicious for all _num_ of us .
1	great food , good wine , and a romantic atmosphere .
1	they have a good and eclectic wine list with pretty good prices .
1	i look forward to our next visit !
1	one of my favorite places in az !
1	extensive wine menu and great service to boot .
1	i felt the food had an inventive twist to classic favorites ( i.e .
1	and it was awesome ! )
1	came here on a business dinner , and everyone loved the patio dining .
1	we had an amazing experience last night at hot .
1	we ate indoors in a very sweet and ambient dining room .
1	great food and awesome wine list .
1	this place is awesome for lunch , dinner , or just happy hour .
1	love this place .
1	the chocolate peanut butter dessert put it over the top !
1	i had the pecan smoked salmon , and it was fantastic !
1	nice atmosphere outside at a table by the bar .
1	our waitress was very friendly , knowledgeable on the menu and attentive .
1	both were very good .
1	this is definitely one of our favorites with a friendly staff .
1	whatever i have tried at house of tricks is always delicious .
1	absolutely beautiful cozy location .
1	very tasty desserts and thoughtful wine selections .
1	great for outdoor dining .
1	outstanding .
1	so romantic in the middle of the asu campus !
1	great service and food .
1	if you 're in phoenix area , give this one a try !
1	the food is inventive and supremely well executed .
1	wow what a special find .
1	from the service to the food to the ambiance , all top notch .
1	one other had the french dip and she thoroughly enjoyed it .
1	the atmosphere , service and food all far exceeded our expectations .
1	everything was fantastic .
1	it was delicious and the staff was great .
1	fantastic food and a massive wine selection .
1	we also had a great waiter .
1	great food , great service , great patio .
1	i had the lamb shank which was tender and full of flavor .
1	i would highly recommend this venue for your event !
1	mussels were terrific as was the seafood salad .
1	waiter was pleasant and competent .
1	it was just a very good experience .
1	went back and still excellent !
1	it is a very romantic restaurant .
1	expensive but worth it .
1	but it 's worth it .
1	fantastic food .
1	fantastic atmosphere .
1	i ordered a white spanish wine , it was very good .
1	it melted in my mouth !
1	food was surprising and delicious .
1	the service was great and so was the food .
1	this place is perfect for a date , celebration , or happy hour !
1	i just really like this place !
1	the chef is extremely creative .
1	and fun the house of tricks has a resident cat .
1	wonderful appetizers and great entrees and special tasting deserts .
1	the drink selection is also more than adequate .
1	dinner is pricey but worth it for those special occasions .
1	from the very moment we arrived until our departure ... .
1	service : great .
1	atmosphere : perfect .
1	food : outstanding .
1	i liked the decor and the ambiance .
1	we came at lunch time and we had a great experience .
1	the menu is just divine and creative .
1	i thoroughly enjoyed my salad .
1	always enjoy the food , service , and ambiance .
1	the food is very expensive as are the drinks but the service is excellent .
1	for a high end expensive restaurant , i give it _num_ stars .
1	everything is great there !
1	always a good experience .
1	continually one of my favorite places .
1	great food always .
1	good food , good service and nice patio .
1	will definitely go back sometime for dinner on the patio .
1	served with a delicious side of fresh fruit .
1	house of tricks has been impressive on many occasions .
1	we went here earlier today and had a great experience .
1	they also have fantastic , spicy bloody mary 's .
1	one of my favorite spots in downtown tempe !
1	the best lunch dish is the salmon .
1	fabulous iced teas .
1	their menu is always changing , but their is always something awesome to try .
1	cheers to my friend brad for recommending this place .
1	this is our regular spot for special occasions .
1	the best rack of lamb i have ever had !
1	service is pleasant , knowledgable , and efficient .
1	the wine list has many reasonably priced great options from around the world .
1	the food is amazing and the ambiance is relaxing .
1	the patio is great .
1	i do n't really do dessert but theirs are actually pretty good .
1	check this place out .
1	you will be happy .
1	house of tricks is great !
1	excellent !
1	food was delicious .
1	yum ... my friends all had the flounder special .
1	thanks guys for making our valentines day great .
1	sat in the courtyard outside , nice ambiance .
1	unbeatable atmosphere - two converted houses with lights in the trees .
1	great food .
1	excellent service , food , and ambience .
1	fabulous dining experience !
1	the chipotle pasta is amazing !
1	good job !
1	the atmosphere is beautiful .
1	one fantastic place .
1	funky atmosphere but fun .
1	great place for medium sized groups .
1	great service .
1	good service .
1	both were excellent choices .
1	the service was excellent as well .
1	the food was amazing .
1	my husband 's pork dish was also very good .
1	food was excellent !
1	the ribs were also very tender and very spicy .
1	the servers were helpful and the dishes had very unique tastes .
1	well done first impression !
1	this is a nice place to spend an afternoon on the patio .
1	great food wine selection and beer .
1	amazing food !
1	dinner is a bit pricey .
1	lunch is high end at a reasonable price .
1	service , food and drinks were all fantastic .
1	cool vibe .
1	excellent food and excellent service .
1	i personally think this is as good as tempe 's culinary scene gets .
1	the ambiance was very nice on the patio .
1	beautiful outdoor dining .
1	this place is perfection .
1	pricy , but worth it !
1	we had a wonderful date there .
1	she was impressed how quick he caught that and made her happy .
1	a lovely oasis for lunch .
1	service was efficient & elegant without being stuffy .
1	we had a wonderful dining experience !
1	i had the seared ahi tuna and it was perfect .
1	food , service , and ambiance are all top notch !
1	great place for date night or for a business meeting .
1	gorgeous setting with unique dishes .
1	everything is paired well with its sides .
1	the best thing about this place is the atmosphere .
1	bread is amazing ( ask for extra ) .
1	they just nail it every year .
1	the food is fantastic and the service is great .
1	beautiful restaurant with wonderful food !
1	it is the perfect `` date night '' place in tempe with amazing service .
1	this is my favorite place to eat in the city .
1	and the atmosphere is wonderful .
1	romantic and relaxed .
1	the lamb is amazing .
1	i love this place for an intimate meal with someone special .
1	the food exceeds expectations .
1	food , ambience , service was top notch !
1	great food .
1	great ambiance , especially if you sit outside .
1	definitely will return for more tricks at the house !
1	the patio is gorgeous and the food is delicious .
1	the weather was perfect for a relaxing dinner out on the patio .
1	the waiter paced our dinner perfectly .
1	the bread pudding was excellent !
1	great staff , very wide selection of lunch options and specials .
1	great ambience and delicious food .
1	delicious food , very unique in flavors .
1	recommend the pb & j or the salmon salad .
1	all four of us loved our food .
1	we had an wonderful evening with old friends at house of tricks .
1	nice intimate restaurant , the staff is very welcoming and knowledgeable .
1	the service was also great .
1	the environment of this restaurant is so charming and the food is delicious .
1	staff was very friendly and there was a nice crowd .
1	ate outside on the patio and it had wonderful ambiance .
1	the trout was moist and delicious .
1	explained .
1	all in all a delightful dining experience .
1	thanks house of tricks for making our special occasion so wonderful !
1	the food here is incredible !
1	i travel a lot for work and go to a lot of restaurants .
1	delicious dinner of squid ink pasta with shrimp and calamari .
1	excellent wine list interesting infused bourbon option .
1	bring your appetite .
1	the atmosphere is charming and so unique .
1	amazing service , fantastic ambience , and wonderful food !
1	i will definitely be going back !
1	great food and great service for reasonable prices .
1	great pizza .
1	enjoy coming here always .
1	i packed away three mouth-watering slices of their signature pizza .
1	the best !
1	these guys are awesome !
1	very pleased with wheel specialists .
1	i happily recommend .
1	thanks so much for helping me fix my daughter 's rim .
1	they guys were amazing to work with .
1	very professional and courteous .
1	great guys with a ton of talent .
1	really enjoyable .
1	this place was extremely clean and inviting .
1	the staff working here were very professional and helpful .
1	the customer service is exemplary .
1	the organization has an above and beyond attitude throughout .
1	quality workmanship , fair prices and professional staff .
1	highly recommended .
1	wow , what a stand up job and great customer service .
1	i had a wonderful experience with wheel specialists today .
1	fair prices and great service .
1	this place is awesome .
1	cj help me pick out the right wheel look for my car .
1	wheel specialists are friendly and attentive .
1	he provides excellent service , is completely honest , and has a fair price .
1	pretty neat stadium .
1	ridiculously good .
1	these guys treat every piece of work like a masterpiece .
1	my art looks beautiful .
1	best value sushi in town .
1	for being a smaller store they have real good prices .
1	the staff is friendly and always helpful .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	this is a very neat little place !
1	small , but nice .
1	i 'll definitely be coming back for more !
1	i am sure you will find something worth buying !
1	they 're great !
1	really nice japanese market .
1	everything very fresh and nice .
1	highly recommend .
1	: d small but great shop !
1	i always hit them up around the holidays for special ingredients and dishes .
1	i 'll keep trying because the market is worth the visit itself .
1	love this place !
1	i can get a lot of delicious meals out of this place .
1	thanks guys !
1	i just love this place !
1	they have a great selection and pricing is pretty fair .
1	hopefully i can change this to a five star once everything is done .
1	the quality of everything i 've gotten has been excellent .
1	buffalo exchange is interesting ; it 's a better quality thrift store .
1	they also have a lot to choose from which i love .
1	i almost always find something good here .
1	overall great experience !
1	my favorite thing about this spot ?
1	they are so friendly , upbeat and love clothes .
1	this is the biggest and most awesome be i 've ever seen !
1	if you get lucky , you can find some very stylish jeans .
1	buffalo tempe is the best .
1	awesome deals and great customer service .
1	what a steal !
1	they are super nice and will happily make suggestions to help .
1	the staff is always very friendly , and they price very reasonably .
1	i have found some great deals and unique items .
1	he was very upbeat , friendly , and personable !
1	very pleasant and helpful !
1	always love coming here , best place in tempe .
1	if you love the night life this is the place to be .
1	cool place , cool music .
1	right in line with competition for price too .
1	local gang , good tempe talk if you 're local .
1	i got a great haircut from pamela !
1	went in today and got a great haircut by adrian .
1	this place is truly one of a kind .
1	i would highly recommend everyone to go here !
1	jeremy was friendly , efficient , and most of all , honest .
1	thank you tracy for your honesty !
1	they are really good at their job , as well as honest and kind .
1	i will give these honest people _num_ stars .
1	i wholeheartedly recommend this place !
1	thanks again guys !
1	special thanks to maggie for all your help !
1	with all the great reviews i knew this was the place .
1	the employees are honest and pretty awesome !
1	best place ever .
1	i picked up my car after a few days , and it looks great .
1	i will recommend this place to anybody i ever meet that needs body work .
1	reasonable prices and the work is amazing .
1	courteous service , sweet people , family business .
1	my friends have also enjoyed `` real '' burgers there as well .
1	this place reminds me of a backyard family barbecue .
1	the juicy burgers and fried zucchini are great .
1	basically a damn good burger at a good price .
1	chuck box = best fast food burger in the phoenix area .
1	i enjoy the big one with jalapeno jack on a wheat bun .
1	fries are good , but not great .
1	has a relaxed atmosphere .
1	bring cash and walk away very full .
1	well , at least the best i 've ever had yet .
1	the burger is cooked fresh , not frozen , over an open flame .
1	one of the best burgers in az .
1	great burgers , great price !
1	probably the best burger in the valley .
1	but their fried mushrooms and equally amazing .
1	i really like coming here , everything is always superb !
1	the place is good .
1	one of the best around .
1	there 's also plentiful outdoor seating which is great for people watching !
1	but you serve one helluva good burger .
1	loved the burgers !
1	simple yet perfect .
1	the jalapeno poppers and fries are great .
1	that is a winner on it 's own !
1	juan knows better !
1	the chuck box will always have a spot in my heart .
1	love , love , love the chuck box .
1	the chuck box does it right !
1	; - ) their fried mushrooms were also very tasty .
1	give it a try , you will absolute go back again and again .
1	i will definitely be back and it will be very soon .
1	it is usually packed .
1	the burgers are always cooked consistently .
1	yeah , probably !
1	got ta love it .
1	this place makes the best burger in phoenix and the price is very reasonable .
1	i 'm also very found of their hot and spicy chicken sandwich .
1	unique setting as well , very plain and rustic .
1	best hamburgers i 've ever had .
1	everything on the menu it 's fantastic .
1	amazing !
1	i shall definitely be returning and am more than happy to recommend them .
1	excellent burgers .
1	but the basics are so good .
1	yes , please .
1	this place is legendary .
1	great flavor and _num_ sizes to chose from and double it if you want .
1	this is my go to spot in tempe .
1	great place for burgers , one of my favorites in the phoenix valley .
1	ok , this is my favorite burger place in az ( maybe anywhere ) !
1	absolutely fantastic !
1	i am a true fan of this place .
1	burgers done on a grill with a toppings bar .
1	which is great for us .
1	there is a condiment bar so make it your way !
1	and the burger maker guy was cool !
1	come get the food its great .
1	the workers are always friendly the place has a very casual atmosphere .
1	great burgers .
1	i love that i get to dress my own .
1	kept the line moving too !
1	fries were good though the portion is on the small side .
1	also i think the waiters are friendly and funny .
1	wow .
1	_num_ stars , and a very close second for best burger in town .
1	works for me though .
1	it 's very juicy and delicious .
1	the setting was pretty cool when walking in and the service was great .
1	this place is a whole in the wall and had some good food !
1	the absolute best burger i 've had .
1	hands down best burger joint around !
1	this place is great .
1	this place is so yummy !
1	the absolute best burger in arizona .
1	the buns they use are pretty basic , sesame seed .
1	love the chuck box !
1	it is well stocked , so you can add what you want .
1	really good burger .
1	the place is simple .
1	you 'll enjoy it .
1	best hamburgers .
1	best fries .
1	everything was delicious beyond my expectations .
1	very friendly staff and very professional at what they do .
1	the meat is awesome and grilled perfectly every time .
1	i put a ton of stuff on it and throw it down .
1	i get a perfect burger and decent fries and it is all worth it .
1	if you like good food and great prices definitely come here !
1	yes , please !
1	freakin best burgers have ever had .
1	they make everything in front of you , which i absolutely love .
1	it 's rustic interior is charming .
1	it 's not as fast as mcdonalds , but that 's a good thing .
1	the fried zucchini were fantastic .
1	great burger , fun environment , fast and easy .
1	one of the best burgers i 've had !
1	i highly recommend the avocado and bacon burger with pepper jack .
1	delicious burgers with perfect sizes made to order right in front of you .
1	great food !
1	small place and busy but these guys do it up right and tasty .
1	my favorite dive in arizona .
1	the burgers are amazing .
1	i got the john wayne with hot sauce and it was amazing !
1	one of the best burger places in town .
1	not only are their burgers amazing but their side orders as well .
1	has quickly become my favorite place for burgers .
1	it 's simple - but that 's what makes it so great .
1	the great big one is both great and big .
1	juicy , charbroiled goodness that melts in your mouth .
1	the onion rings are fresh and some of the best i have ever had .
1	the best burger in town .
1	the meat is good quality not the best of the best but good .
1	also worth the trip .
1	i will definitely be going back .
1	but _num_ times better !
1	the experience was so good !
1	this is the place !
1	been coming here for years and work definitely continue to do so !
1	this place is really good for a good burger and fries .
1	the bacon cheeseburger is very good .
1	some of the best burgers in town , by far .
1	hope you enjoy !
1	but that 's a good thing !
1	best place to get a burger in tempe !
1	but all in all , great food , great place .
1	the burgers are amazing !
1	amazing burgers in tempe !
1	the best burgers and chicken sandwiches you will ever eat .
1	awesome !
1	top your food the way you like with as much as you like .
1	they do everything charcoal grill which taste so good .
1	amazing burger spot .
1	the most simple , basic burgers you can think of .
1	i mean that in the absolute best way .
1	but this place deserves it .
1	best burger ever .
1	this place was so good !
1	i 'm happy .
1	fresh and fast !
1	and the ranch is so good !
1	thank you , chuck box team for always making our visit delicious & memorable .
1	this is an arizona state university classic .
1	nothing else i saw on the menu makes this place stand out .
1	straight forward , delicious and consistent !
1	it 's a family tradition to eat here before any asu event !
1	good food cool people !
1	this temple classic has stayed true to it 's roots .
1	aside from his crappy attitude the place is perfect .
1	the burgers are freshly grilled at order .
1	fun place to go and visit .
1	love this place !
1	i also love the prices for everything .
1	family member loved the the burger .
1	finally i have found a great hamburger place !
1	it 's a simple recipe for success too .
1	highly recommend this burger joint to the world .
1	we love this place for a tasty burger and fries or onion rings .
1	the place is unpretentious and is interested in serving you good food .
1	definitely visiting when i 'm in town again .
1	great service , good prices .
1	thank you lauren !
1	prices are decent and the selection is really good .
1	goodbye gentle strength !
1	i would recommend them to anybody , very high integrity and service !
1	the best auto repair experience ever !
1	i appreciate his help as well as his insight .
1	thanks , doug b .
1	well , there was one surprise : a free car wash !
1	what an excellent service those guys provide for their customers .
1	that was awesome , and easy to use .
1	this domino 's location is awesome !
1	the pizza is great though !
1	i recommend dominos pizza or the pasta bread bowls .
1	i was impressed .
1	i was a bit grumpy so i was very impressed & appreciative .
1	definitely come here for your construction equipment rentals great rates and great service .
1	they were extremely professional and courteous .
1	keep up the great work dale and jason and company !
1	they are polite , respond well , and always follow up .
1	great store .
1	great little shop with excellent customer service .
1	love , love this place .
1	best fish and chips in az .
1	huge fan of the fried shrimp and cocktail sauce .
1	two thumbs up !
1	friendly staff also .
1	i love the lay out of this place too .
1	thanks guys .
1	these guys just keep getting better !
1	just got a check for a referral in the mail !
1	what a great surprise !
1	keep up the great work !
1	they listen to your needs and recommend the proper vehicle for your particular situation .
1	great $ $ deal and great car .
1	got a brand new car without paying the brand new price .
1	and you thanks again !
1	they have a state of the art facility and a great website too .
1	they are honest , friendly and a pleasure to do business with .
1	ask for ken in service , he 's great !
1	it is family owned and that makes the atmosphere laid back and welcoming !
1	it 's a family run and operated biz ... very fair and very honest !
1	i love that i can test drive anything on the lot , alone !
1	great experience .
1	thanks so much guys !
1	my sales manager riley was easy to work with and very professional .
1	thanks guys !
1	thanks steve for the top notch service today .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	i worked with steven what a great guy and extreme knowledge of cars .
1	everyone seemed so laid back , smiling and happy to be there .
1	great people to deal with !
1	excellent !
1	he 's always done great work for me at a great price .
1	came here and got great service .
1	his fees are always less than the dealership and always higher quality and workmanship .
1	jack is the best .
1	the car ran awesome and was as solid and he stated .
1	jack , thank you very much .
1	thank you .
1	happy driving !
1	great body shop !
1	i 'd definitely come back here and recommend it !
1	this place continues to rock !
1	i love the broccoli cheese soup and my husband loves the sandwiches .
1	locally and family owned and operated .
1	very good .
1	good quality .
1	his team is quick , accurate and professional .
1	quality work .
1	thank you again , jimmy .
1	simple kindness goes a long way in my book .
1	well done and keep up the great service !
1	this is a great bar .
1	it has a _num_ levels and the staff there is great .
1	great bar .
1	big bar in the heart of tempe .
1	cool , chill , laid-back ... just like i like it .
1	delicious !
1	great alternative to your typical place .
1	ok so amber m. put it perfectly !
1	prices are reasonable ... certainly the best and one of the closest to campus .
1	there is a sub shop inside that is also amazing .
1	these guys like beer and it shows !
1	the staff are the best !
1	however , this place definitely exceeded my expectations in an unexpected way .
1	everyone we interacted with was pleasant , professional and efficient .
1	rooms ideal _num_ or more stars .
1	enjoy your stay here recommended highly .
1	fred is very friendly and professional .
1	the experience was great and speedy .
1	instead , we got personal attention with great suggestions .
1	food was decent , but you really come there for the scene .
1	as i said , it was decent , but not great .
1	wine , and authentic italian dishes for appetizers .
1	amazing !
1	this place is in a great location ... located within the asu district .
1	this review is based on happy hour , which is great .
1	the bartenders are super friendly and remember you which is a plus !
1	happy hour spot !
1	as long as you can get a chair , the drink specials are wonderful .
1	the new location is way , way better .
1	i especially like it in the back , it 's nice and private .
1	sunday 's are 1/2 pitchers of sangria which is great on a sunny day !
1	happy hours are always crowded but totally worth it !
1	both are epic .
1	i think their sandwiches are great !
1	i devoured it .
1	thank you caffe boa , we will be back !
1	sangria sundays !
1	i 've been here twice and i 've enjoyed it both times !
1	very highly recommend caffe boa .
1	very friendly and attentive service .
1	the bar has great service and an incredible wine selection .
1	a true example a lovely european bistro .
1	amazing , amazing , amazing !
1	i love caffe boa !
1	the sunday brunch is a must .
1	great for dinner on the patio .
1	one of my new favorite places !
1	we had a great dinner this evening .
1	warm brick walls .
1	they 've got a decent happy hour and i like the cocktails they offer .
1	the idea was great with local grown micro greens .
1	nice atmostphere that can handle both fun and intimate .
1	every ingredient is fresh and every bite is flavorful .
1	one of the best places on mill avenue .
1	it 's a good place for a business lunch or a romantic dinner .
1	but the wine list is superb and the food is unique .
1	great place for a date in tempe .
1	we definitely will go back !
1	still a wonderful place after all these years .
1	it 's worth driving up from tucson !
1	everything i have ever tried here is top notch and awesome .
1	their food is flavorful , fresh and unique .
1	great wine list and a fun ambiance .
1	i will be checking to see if matthew is there first !
1	perfect saturday morning brunch destination , need i say more ?
1	the food was good for dinner .
1	cafe boa is a step in the right direction .
1	the food was fresh and creative .
1	good martinis , great ambiance and great food .
1	i highly recommend the gnocchi .
1	do n't let the kale scare you , it works .
1	the service is sometimes great , and sometimes not so much so .
1	we were pleasantly surprised with the great service and delicious food .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	the atmosphere was absolutely awesome , food superb and service wonderful .
1	great food .
1	i most definitely be returning to cafe boa .
1	great place sunday evenings to relax and finally slow down after a busy weekend .
1	our local fav !
1	taylor gave great service .
1	live music is a big plus when available .
1	i will be back again , and highly recommend caffe boa !
1	wow sangria half price , what a deal !
1	my friend had the polenta brunch dish and enjoyed it .
1	sat outside and it was very pleasant .
1	great atmosphere , excellent food , and very good service .
1	love this place !
1	i love this place !
1	my burger and salad were delicious .
1	excellent !
1	atmosphere was peaceful and refreshing .
1	great atmosphere , sweet staff , nice live music .
1	i love coming here when i can .
1	although it 's quite expensive , it 's well worth it !
1	a beautiful little hidden gem off of mill avenue .
1	but the food is consistently delicious !
1	one of the best restaurants in tempe .
1	great quality !
1	i love this place !
1	and their mussels are great .
1	great service great restaurant !
1	caf boa in tempe , thank you for helping us celebrate our daughters graduation .
1	the food , as always , was great .
1	great job .
1	we had the pleasure of shea as our bartender who was excellent .
1	we had the best time !
1	they found me the perfect wine without me even trying them .
1	we will definitely be back thanks to those two !
1	of course it 's awesome !
1	highly recommending it to anyone who wants to try something different and rather exquisite .
1	simply the best lunch special in town !
1	very fresh and organic food .
1	beautiful patio and interior .
1	lunch has a great deal .
1	best friend took me here for dinner last week and it was delicious .
1	very comfortable , generous portions .
1	fucking amazing .
1	the staff is very friendly and attentive .
1	love this place !
1	this place can be a bit pricey , but it 's worth it .
1	i loved sitting out in their patio and enjoying delicious food & wine !
1	huge wine list with great options from simple to sophisticated .
1	it 's perfect .
1	excellent thai food .
1	they are one of the best in town for tofu dishes .
1	the curry dishes are also quite tasty .
1	inside it is very clean , small but cute .
1	phenomenal !
1	good food , good portions ... .
1	sums up the food .
1	the food was great and the service was fine .
1	the atmosphere was great and the place was very clean .
1	my favorite thing is the peanut curry ( spicy ) .
1	the service is very quick and they remember you when you come back .
1	the thai basil with tofu is so good !
1	their spring rolls are really good as well .
1	this restaurant is one of my favorites .
1	this place is worth the wait !
1	they delivered , my food was spicy and delicious .
1	the food and service were great if you do n't mind the wait .
1	the garlic chicken and spicy noodles dishes are my favorites .
1	other dishes are good and they are reasonably priced .
1	this place is awesome .
1	overall one of tempe 's best restaurants , i 'd say .
1	they ask you how spicy you would like your meal .
1	i love thai basil !
1	staff is very friendly we are repeat customers and always recognize us ... .
1	authentic & tasteful !
1	heaven is really a place on earth !
1	good warm soup for a cold day !
1	consistent quality food .
1	great place to have a quick , affordable , filling and delicious meal !
1	i love love love this place !
1	curry soup extra spicy with anything you want in it .
1	lunch specials moderately priced , and awesome service .
1	completely fresh ... no joke .
1	good pad thai !
1	and the food is delicious .
1	excellent stir fried and curry dishes too .
1	good selection and excellent food .
1	friendly waitstaff .
1	this place is so good .
1	i their peanut curry is amazing and i love the thai iced tea .
1	the restaurant itself is nicely decorated with good lighting and comfortable seats .
1	the experience is always been wonderful .
1	the quality of the food is good but not great .
1	they have great variety of food and it always tastes great !
1	great price and food is always fresh .
1	second , it 's good .
1	my boyfriend also gets the pork sweet and sour and loves it .
1	good prices .
1	the price is great , too .
1	delicious .
1	this is by far one of my favorite `` different '' places .
1	they do an excellent job of keeping the place clean .
1	i always go at lunch so the prices are really reasonable .
1	thai basil has the best lunch specials !
1	it was amazing.
1	one of my favorite thai restaurants !
1	bottom line is that the food is amazing and its worth the trip .
1	there curry is excellent !
1	the food is solid .
1	it has a ton of flavor .
1	the service is usually friendly and passable .
1	good place for lunch and good service .
1	the food is very good most of the time we go .
1	lots of good food .
1	will definitely try again .
1	their food is always fresh and comes out fast .
1	it 's always a good time and really easy to eat within an hour .
1	i could eat here every day , i think .
1	this is as good as thai food gets .
1	food is out fast what more can you want ?
1	after reading such great reviews me and my boyfriend decided to try .
1	wonderful spring rolls and great service .
1	awesome and highly recommended !
1	it was moderately good and it was cheap !
1	will be back !
1	i got their yellow curry and really enjoyed the lemongrass aroma !
1	friendly staff and very clean .
1	today was my first time at thai basil -- i was impressed !
1	love those .
1	both were amazing and so different in flavors .
1	very good service .
1	the curries last for multiple meals and are fantastic .
1	consistently delicious !
1	excellent thai and inexpensive !
1	do yourself a favor ... eat here as soon as you can .
1	wonderful fresh thai , period .
1	food is delicious , good prices and nice people .
1	the food is awesome !
1	one of the best pad thai places of the valley .
1	service is great too .
1	my valentine 's date brought me here last year .
1	searched yelp and found this gem .
1	this place is the best !
1	large portions , spicy , and great prices !
1	great thai for a great price .
1	food here is generally very good .
1	the food has super flavor we had the thai basil chicken and loved it !
1	we had crab puff appetizer also tasty and enjoyable .
1	double thai spicy !
1	it 's a strong move .
1	which is a rarity nowadays .
1	i 'm a huge fan of its coconut soup and green curry .
1	a great place in the college town .
1	the green curry is soo good .
1	the service was fast and the food had lots of flavor .
1	service is not very good , but the food is amazing !
1	i enjoy eating here very much .
1	i love their curry and my fiance loves their garlic beef .
1	i would also recommend their sweet purple rice .
1	i love thai basil and this location especially , despite its small size !
1	medium is actually pretty hot .
1	the service was excellent and fast .
1	we had a great meal here .
1	the food was well spiced and the portions were sufficient .
1	it 's atmosphere is great , their staff personable , and hours are amazing !
1	i love getting take out .
1	the spicy noodles and pad thai were excellent !
1	good food , descent price .
1	i definitely recommend eating here , delicious .
1	seating is quaint , not very private but nice ambience and well decorated .
1	love this place !
1	great curry & the coconut soup is the best !
1	we love this place .
1	the food was also still spectacular and came out very quickly .
1	i could eat it all in one sitting because it tastes so good .
1	they can be packed and worth the wait .
1	keep it up thai basil , you rock .
1	service is great , food is great and speedy !
1	always have good experiences here .
1	one of the top _num_ places my wife and i frequent .
1	the bill is usually $ _num_ and the money is worth it .
1	our server she was very nice .
1	very good .
1	i 'm not a vegetarian and i enjoy the plates just as much .
1	do not forget to try the thai iced tea , it is delicious !
1	i will definitely be back .
1	good service .
1	i like its proximity to the school and the staff is really nice .
1	both were well prepared and delicious .
1	recommended !
1	highly recommend !
1	classic authentic thai with friendly service and reliably yummy food !
1	such a wonderful meal with friends before getting into session .
1	i ordered delivery through grub hub .
1	food and service was pretty good !
1	i recommend the red curry and the pad see ew .
1	they know my daughter and are so good to her .
1	best !
1	thai basil on university dr is absolutely delicious !
1	also if you like heat , request their thai spicy .
1	i will be back for sure !
1	this is a great place that is pretty much no frills thai food .
1	they can make the food hot too which is pretty nice to see .
1	maybe park a block away and just walk as it is worth it .
1	wow !
1	and it was in very good condition .
1	such a sweet person .
1	we definitely will be back .
1	truly the best place to go on mill .
1	but apart from that it was an excellent threading experience .
1	great place , they care about their customers .
1	any drink you want , and they 'll make it strong .
1	my favorite bar in tempe .
1	grab a pint and a table outdoors .
1	always a good time .
1	casey moore 's and i have a complicated relationship .
1	casey moore 's is a college bar in the best sense of the term .
1	if you ask me , that is what a great establishment is all about .
1	seriously good times .
1	love this place .
1	great food with local feel .
1	happy hours with co-workers you 're into that too .
1	thanks casey !
1	my boyfriend had the burger and my best friend enjoyed her seafood sandwich .
1	i 'm always jealous of those people .
1	great place to start and/or end the night .
1	it 's a cool place , especially with all the outdoor space .
1	i met a lot of people through there .
1	a good place to go if you 're single or as a couple .
1	the bartenders are super cool , and make seriously stiff cocktails .
1	what a great great bar .
1	good bar food , i would always get chicken fingers and clam chowder .
1	bartenders and servers are friendly and the place draws a very diverse crowd .
1	love the ambiance here , and it does n't get any better .
1	in summary , a pretty happy experience !
1	i had never gone she loves the place .
1	i was not disappointed , it was a beautiful day and we sat outside .
1	yet to try the food , but i hear good things .
1	very good food .
1	there meals seemed to be well thought out and detailed for a pub .
1	a lot more tables and space than it seems from the outside .
1	great atmosphere and a true bar experience .
1	this is definitely my favorite bar in tempe !
1	i love how i can bike here ( plenty of bike racks ! )
1	drinks are good and service is excellent , especially if you are ordering food .
1	casey 's certainly can attract an interesting bunch .
1	all in all a solid place to drink and hang out .
1	great bar service .
1	casey moore 's is authentic .
1	the conversations alone are worth a visit .
1	it 's a good spot to sit and chat to get to know someone .
1	holy hell this place has stolen my soul many a time .
1	my favorite restaurant/bar in arizona .
1	i love the food and every dish shines in its own way .
1	the drinks are cold and strong & the atmosphere is great .
1	a rare combo in this town .
1	also a great place to celebrate st. patties day , green beer & all .
1	outdoor eating , drinking , football watching and great food .
1	nice ambiance and eclectic crowd with good food .
1	all in all a good time .
1	i have a serious soft spot for everything about this place .
1	the best part about casey 's is the variety of the crowd .
1	the drinks are inexpensive and the food is of the best of bar food .
1	the bartenders are good if you 're there for drinks .
1	the food is great as well .
1	great patio , laid back atmosphere .
1	and the service is always great .
1	a little hipster , but worth it .
1	especially good in october , after tour de fat .
1	a great break from the norm in tempe .
1	it has a great outdoor patio and is in a historic house on campus .
1	amazing happy hour .
1	the bartenders and service is great .
1	love this place !
1	great beer , great food , great prices and it 's haunted !
1	i love the atmosphere at casey 's , outside .
1	i love the fried zucchini and mushrooms too , you never see that anywhere !
1	awesome outdoor seating and great food !
1	i finally got a chance to eat here .
1	i come here as an regular for their delicious oysters .
1	love the outdoor seating !
1	the food here is pretty good .
1	my favorite bar in tempe .
1	my absolute favorite !
1	easy to make friends .
1	atmosphere here is perfect .
1	best crab cakes i 've ever had .
1	casey moore 's is one of my new hangouts .
1	most of the staff is very friendly .
1	great menu - lots to choose and great service .
1	that is just a personal preference for me .
1	unique atmosphere and i enjoy the history that this old house carries .
1	love me some phoenix !
1	amazing food and great beers and cocktails .
1	the staff is great and really does know your name .
1	that is customer service at it 's best .
1	great food , great atmosphere and the bartenders are the best !
1	place is pretty awesome .
1	nice and laid back crowd .
1	it gets kind of loud in there .
1	the outdoor seating is very nice , especially with great weather .
1	the oysters are perfectly crisp and huge !
1	when the weather is nice it has a great patio .
1	pretty decent food but it is a total drunk fest type of place .
1	i love the location and atmosphere of this place .
1	they also have a full bar !
1	also , the people-watching is great because the crowd is ridiculously hipster .
1	and , to top it off , it 's within walking distance of asu !
1	i like the picnic tables that are outside on their patio .
1	good beer selection and they also have good food .
1	the patio is fun and casual .
1	prices are reasonable for the quality of food .
1	the inside is nice but it 's a tight squeeze .
1	best outdoor bar in tempe .
1	super friendly neighborhood .
1	such a great environment .
1	great place to hang out .
1	off mill so it 's not too loud and has a great vibe .
1	the employees are great and the bartenders know how to make good drinks !
1	wow !
1	i love this place !
1	it is probably my favorite place in tempe .
1	i enjoy going to casey moore 's .
1	cool customers , cool servers , great service , delicious food , fun atmosphere .
1	nice and big .
1	pretty good selection of food .
1	great place !
1	great oysters !
1	amazing drinks , food , beer selection , and most off all the staff !
1	keep it up casey 's .
1	excellent ambience .
1	he definitely enjoys the darts !
1	each day has their own drink special and draft selections are good !
1	this place rocks .
1	casey moore , a hidden gem in down town tempe az area .
1	food is always good and always seems to have a nice group of people .
1	unique atmosphere and good selection .
1	the fish and chips were also fantastic .
1	love love love the vibe of this place !
1	the best i 've ever had .
1	love this place .
1	always been a favorite bar for my boyfriend & i .
1	good selection of been , including some local brews .
1	great patio seating - good beer list and the food is good too .
1	- great for watching a game or having a beer with friends .
1	the best !
1	good food .
1	they also show the world cup games .
1	i love casey moore 's .
1	it has more of a hipster vibe for sure .
1	still worth stopping in though .
1	love this place !
1	they have pretty solid oysters , sandwiches , and fish tacos .
1	the outdoor patio is amazing , especially in the evening hours .
1	the food is pretty good too .
1	i have had the hummus which is really good as a healthy bar snack .
1	the happy hour appetizers are definitely a steal .
1	their seafood is to die for , which is saying something for arizona !
1	i love their french dip sandwich as well .
1	love their oysters and marinara shrimp boat .
1	my friends and i sat out on the patio and got beers and food .
1	the pita was a little burnt , but it was still fine to eat .
1	the vibe is awesome , and the music selection is usually good .
1	i will be back !
1	had a nice dinner there with a group of friends .
1	best server i 've ever had .
1	very friendly and accommodating .
1	got ta love this place !
1	great atmosphere .
1	was a nice getaway from the rowdy college bars in the area .
1	it 's like having a little piece of heaven on earth !
1	this place is epic .
1	great place for a laid back , casual dinner .
1	great ambiance and customer service .
1	we come here quite often because it 's just sooooo good !
1	some of the best oysters i 've ever had .
1	i love this bar !
1	good food and music , too .
1	taking everything into consideration , casey moore 's is a five star experience .
1	love this place .
1	the cake was also amazing it was like a white chocolate milk chocolate masterpiece .
1	i totally recommend this establishment for any gathering .
1	this place was good .
1	we ate outside , which was beautiful .
1	the oysters rockefeller are great .
1	the rockefeller oysters were very tasty with the bacon .
1	this place has amazing seafood !
1	the price for oysters are fantastic as well .
1	very welcoming atmosphere !
1	the location is tucked away in a neighborhood and service is always really fast .
1	but they 're huge and fun to do with friends .
1	which i think is hilarious .
1	hot , tasty and no salt !
1	good local watering hole .
1	great place !
1	i love patio dining , which this place has a huge one .
1	with that said , this place is really cool !
1	best spicy bloody mary !
1	we both enjoyed ourselves so much !
1	a tempe tradition !
1	service is great , noise is mid to loud depending where you sit .
1	all of the sauces were house made and very fresh .
1	oysters and shrimp cocktail are the best i 've had in az .
1	great hangout place in the spring and fall .
1	parking can be a little difficult , but it is worth the try .
1	the mozzarella sticks were also really good .
1	excellent food ... service ... ambiance ... that is warm upbeat and fun !
1	this is currently my favorite place for wings in the valley !
1	we also ordered entrees -- he got a burger and i got the salmon .
1	both were very good and my rice had an amazing flavor .
1	i love the oysters here and the fact that they are affordable !
1	_num_ years in business speaks highly of this business !
1	will return again and again !
1	thank you .
1	it was done right and ready to go .
1	the online tools that are offered are absolutely perfect !
1	they are a good value for service they provide .
1	the staff were fantastic very helpful and polite .
1	this subway location is inside a gas station .
1	great service and i love the smell , the energy and the layout !
1	this sandwich place is so good !
1	the veggie deluxe is really good if you add pineapple and jalapenos !
1	their asian chicken salad is my favorite and their broccoli soup is amazing !
1	it was really good .
1	the person working the counter was so friendly .
1	the second day we ordered lunch for our group because it 's close by .
1	the margaritas are delicious ( though i 'm pretty easy to please here ) .
1	my favorite mexican restaurant around .
1	my favorite mexican food !
1	unlimited chips , bean dip & salsa - delicious !
1	the services was outstanding ; they are great with kids and families .
1	very unique mexican joint .
1	they bring you a pitcher in addition to your drink .
1	everything on the menu is tasty .
1	the service was great and our entrees were wonderful .
1	great food .
1	beef taco was the best .
1	definitely would visit again .
1	it really is nice to look at and the food is great .
1	this is my favorite mexican food restaurant in the valley .
1	good option for mexican food .
1	their machaca taco in particular is great .
1	there 's a fair amount of options .
1	it is a nice touch we do not get back east .
1	the margarita cupcake was also really nice !
1	we do really like it .
1	we got our favorite booth , without even asking .
1	all very tasty !
1	_num_ of us in our party and everyone was pleased with their meal .
1	excellent .
1	nice , sit down mexican food place with very friendly service .
1	lots of options available including veggie .
1	somewhat outdated interior , but still pleasant .
1	kudos to all of the employees !
1	easily in the top five mexican chains here in the phoenix area .
1	serrano 's is on of my most favorite restaurants of all time .
1	the chicken chimichanga was amazingly flavorful and delicious !
1	friendly service .
1	start your meal with the signature bean dip , chips and salsa .
1	wanted to lick the bowl !
1	affordable and great lunch specials !
1	very good portions !
1	overall , i recommend this place .
1	love this place !
1	service is good and the chips are always refilled !
1	she is always helpful , sweet , on point and gives outstanding service .
1	great place for a quick dinner .
1	keep up the good work serrano 's !
1	great food !
1	but even better service !
1	it was pretty good , nice southwestern twist on the caesar .
1	had a good time , would go again .
1	the crab pots are fun and full of good non crab food as well .
1	i just love joe 's .
1	this place is awesome !
1	first time with my wife on our _num_ yr wedding anniversary !
1	the service was great .
1	the chowder was pretty good .
1	the atmosphere is very fun and family friendly .
1	surf and turf burger is terrific .
1	staff always friendly and well trained .
1	i will return !
1	i was really impressed with the service and technology at joe 's crab shack .
1	every time we go to joe 's crab shack , it 's been great .
1	always enjoyed it .
1	try it for casual dining and a good time .
1	love this place !
1	what a great place !
1	amazed with the customer service .
1	def worth it !
1	the staff is extremely nice and helpful and the food was great !
1	this place constantly delivers on food , service and a fun family friendly atmosphere .
1	it 's pretty easy to mess up a bloody mary and theirs was fantastic .
1	the crawfish were good and spicy .
1	it 's ok its his first day .
1	got seated quickly and waiter was lots of fun !
1	we definitely refer our friends and family here !
1	took my wife out for mother 's day and this hit the spot .
1	the atmosphere is very upbeat good place to take kids .
1	clam chowder is good !
1	i love joes !
1	i love the crab cake chipotle cesar !
1	awesome place to enjoy some seafood and great service as well .
1	our waiter taylor send it to our every need and was very nice .
1	it was all good .
1	the food was fair to good .
1	amazing food !
1	the lobster and all of their crab selection is great .
1	we 've been here multiple times and have had great food every time .
1	servers were ever smiling and always friendly .
1	the two dollar menu with appetizers and drinks is the business !
1	everyone seemed to enjoy the crab .
1	great location !
1	you can tell that he really enjoys what he does .
1	the food is always fresh .
1	great staff & great food !
1	everything was so tasty and our server absolutely perfect .
1	brittany , our server was wonderful .
1	a great experience .
1	looks like they remodeled since our last visit and i liked the new look .
1	these guys are the best .
1	they are honest , dependable and quick .
1	this place is the best shop , hands down .
1	awesome customer service !
1	these guys are honest and straight forward .
1	they have helped my toyota van run well .
1	the absolute best repair shop i have ever dealt with .
1	i love this place .
1	wow customer service at the finest .
1	this is italian food at its best .
1	the owner is a wonderful man with a big heart .
1	best italian i have had in az ... except for my mom 's .
1	otherwise , just sit down and enjoy the wonderful casual southern italian fare .
1	great food in a great setting !
1	im a fan of papa 's .
1	we love the vodka pasta !
1	clean and quiet .
1	full complimentary breakfast , nice pool , and _num_ hour fitness room .
1	i love this place !
1	the bathroom was also clean , with the expected toiletries .
1	the pool was clean and well kept .
1	will definitely stay here again if i am in the area .
1	the people here are friendly and i felt very welcome on my first visit .
1	it 's a small restaurant with a friendly staff .
1	i recommend the spinach pizza .
1	what a great hidden gem .
1	right away , you walk into another world as you step inside .
1	great pizza and wine place .
1	love it !
1	great atmosphere great food.
1	nice quiet atmosphere .
1	the service staff and cooks are very friendly .
1	we always have a good time here .
1	i 've had lgo 's pizza , and this is better .
1	oh yes , it is and is fantastic .
1	i crave their food !
1	this place is a total hidden gem .
1	the decor is beautiful , nice and dark with a big brick oven .
1	it did n't hold the ingredients well but was very good otherwise .
1	no _num_ hour wait like bianco and good service .
1	they also have a unique beer selection !
1	it 's definitely the best pizza place in close proximity .
1	love classic italian pizza .
1	i like coming here for happy hour and sitting outside .
1	this is one of those hidden pizza places with some of the best pizza .
1	i love this place great wine very nice atmosphere .
1	if so , seek out this hidden gem in tempe .
1	its a great place for a casual dinner with family or friends .
1	he comes around to the tables making sure that everything is enjoyable .
1	decent wine selection as well .
1	this is our favorite pizza place !
1	this pizzeria was already highly recommended by my friends .
1	i will still eat dinner there after they move locations .
1	always great friendly service and always tasty food .
1	shopping center being torn down so classic is moving .
1	love this restaurant !
1	i hope they come back !
1	still a great place for pizza .
1	i think this property is fantastic !
1	he 's super helpful !
1	definitely recommend !
1	this is the kind of service you just do n't find anymore .
1	sincere honest and trustworthy .
1	i love honest people .
1	very professional , quick and efficient .
1	i have recommended them to others and have heard the same from them .
1	the technician was friendly and knowledgeable , and showed up early .
1	he was very nice and helpful .
1	great service and a very nice guy .
1	eric was very professional and i would not hesitate to recommend this company .
1	everything in the other reviews is so true .
1	a friend suggested e & j to me .
1	would highly recommend using them !
1	they are the best .
1	excellent friendly service .
1	great experience !
1	team at e & j were great .
1	mike was a real pro , timely and efficient .
1	the scheduling process was easy & accurate and their prices were fair .
1	great service !
1	service was excellent , johnny was friendly , courteous and funny .
1	i do n't remember the last time i had customer service this great .
1	great service reps , they go above and beyond to work with your schedule .
1	highly recommended .
1	quiet neighborhood .
1	great location .
1	our friends who have been bringing their pets here for over decade recommended them .
1	reasonably priced , great value for the services provided .
1	they 're thorough and really want to provide the best possible care .
1	dr rick is great with my dogs !
1	love it !
1	just an all around cool place for some physical activities .
1	well run for being a city ran facility .
1	the building has some years on it , but it is well kept .
1	thumbs up to the management team here .
1	there are fans and tv 's which is a nice plus .
1	i went for a corporate event and our area was very nice .
1	this park has everything you could possibly want !
1	it also has beautiful scenery !
1	overall i enjoyed my experience here and will return .
1	great food deals , great prices ... great atmosphere .
1	well done ... .
1	affordable and good for beginners .
1	the course is well maintained .
1	modern decor , very nice hotel for the price .
1	beds were comfortable , rooms were very nice .
1	i recommend you stay here if in town or just passing through .
1	polite staff , and for _num_ pretty good deal !
1	clean , quiet room , good breakfast , friendly staff , great price !
1	really good chocolate shake .
1	very tasty .
1	once again very friendly people .
1	melted cheese please !
1	every time i come to this location the food is perfect .
1	the burgers are so juicy and cooked to perfection .
1	they have a condiments bar with fresh vegetables .
1	the fries are my favorite of all time .
1	got sweet potato fries also .
1	good juicy burgers and great buns .
1	very nice and clean .
1	burgers are amazing !
1	they 're flavorful and juicy .
1	come on over and treat yourself to some really good food !
1	i have fond memories from the 80s and they are still amazing .
1	this is by far the best location i been too .
1	the staff is friendly it 's clean .
1	burgers were great , but the onion rings were spectacular !
1	light , crispy batter and fried to perfection .
1	great burgers .
1	forgot how good they were .
1	yummy burgers !
1	i live and work right down the street from this burger spot .
1	good way to finish a day after a spring training game .
1	one of the best i have ever been to .
1	i would recommend these folks before going anywhere else !
1	it 's delicious !
1	almost always awesome service .
1	always on time with your order ; new store design is nice for customers .
1	the pizza was warm and delicious .
1	outstanding customer service !
1	best pedi i have had in years !
1	thanks sunset nails !
1	it was $ _num_ for a spa pedicure and well worth it .
1	great find .
1	just moved to the area and popped in , so glad i did .
1	wonderful place .
1	love it .
1	i have recommended this salon to anyone who will listen to me .
1	location is convenient and prices are reasonable .
1	strongly recommend this place .
1	best spray i 've ever had !
1	love love love the color !
1	professional and clean !
1	the ladies who work there are super friendly !
1	great !
1	great service at this autozone .
1	best customer service .
1	if you need body and paint work this is the place you go !
1	very impressive !
1	overall the apartments are great .
1	the front desk at the tempe ymca sets a wonderful tone for the facility .
1	shout out to rich at the front desk !
1	were always happy to see him and all the other employees for that matter .
1	brad and his staff at special moments were absolutely wonderful and ideal .
1	they are very polite and timely for all communication .
1	love special moments .
1	always friendly , professional , and serve excellent catered food .
1	have had the opportunity to enjoy their delights at numerous events .
1	always right on point .
1	got da curry chicken marsala , and it was a good choice .
1	good sized portions of _num_ and rice with the meal .
1	the rest of the dishes , especially the vegetarian selections are very good too .
1	ambiance aside , this is one of my favorite indian restaurants in the valley .
1	i love , love , love me some indian buffet .
1	i brought my car to master tech collision .
1	the body shop manager jeremy , was very professional and very understanding .
1	thank you master tech collision !
1	this shop is great in many ways .
1	thanks guys !
1	i will recommend these guys to all my friends .
1	i will always be taking my car here from now on !
1	first time here .
1	great staff .
1	always helpful .
1	i give this place a thumbs up !
1	thank you , dr. kim !
1	i would recommend him to anyone for anything .
1	considering i just dropped in on them i thought that was pretty solid .
1	thank you sir !
1	so far , it 's up there with the best bar food .
1	it was cooked well and tasted awesome .
1	all in all , a great experience !
1	this is easily the best sports bar in the tempe area .
1	if you are a grilled wing lover i definitely recommend coming here .
1	met with `` friends '' from work here for the first time .
1	we had the pleasure of having christine serve us this evening .
1	baseline sports bar is a great environment .
1	good prices on drinks plus friendly and attentive staff !
1	also , drinks are made extremely well and service is prompt !
1	awesome atmosphere , very nice and sweet bartenders , and good food .
1	definitely a favorite hangout .
1	nachos are some of the best we 've had .
1	discounts for team sports , too !
1	staff is very friendly .
1	awesome food , great tv setup , and cold delicious beer !
1	i love this place !
1	the staff is great and super attentive .
1	right in my neighborhood .
1	and really great wings .
1	i had a great experience here .
1	the fries were also tasty .
1	highly recommended and yes , i will be coming back many times !
1	love it !
1	the recent upgrades have really turned it into something special .
1	the old and new staff are some if the best that there is .
1	great menu and service .
1	an extremely good value for your money .
1	maria takes great care of us every time .
1	they altered the dress the same day and it was beautifully done .
1	omg it 's my new spot for good .
1	i 'd recommend him to anyone who needs work done .
1	i just got a coat hemmed up and he did a great job .
1	the actual hotel is nice and rooms were clean .
1	this spring hill suites is very nice and well kept .
1	the staff was very friendly and helpful .
1	we 'll definitely be back !
1	the breakfast is amazing !
1	the pool area is beautiful and the pool is so warm .
1	front desk staff very friendly and helpful .
1	thankfully the air conditioning was working perfectly .
1	what a great deal .
1	qt stores are clean , organized with awesome customer service to boot .
1	it 's quick trip , just like any other .
1	the staff is always greeting you on the way in and friendly to help .
1	food always hot , service always good .
1	fast service .
1	my tailor recommended these cleaners so i said i would give them a shot .
1	i will visit again very soon !
1	this place is awesome !
1	the girls who work there are very nice which is a surprise .
1	great !
1	this nail salon is wonderful !
1	people here are so funny and i love their customer service .
1	i 've never tried their other services , but i definitely recommend the wax .
1	warm , friendly staff and great prices .
1	the salon owner is very delightful and attentive .
1	will definitely be coming back !
1	the place was clean and the staff was very friendly .
1	did a great job and really dig in to fix my rough feet .
1	typical taco bell food you would expect , always hot and delicious .
1	great service and food is always fresh .
1	alberto is the manager and he does a great job running this place .
1	super authentic sonoran cuisine .
1	impeccable service .
1	you win again taco bell .
1	they always make sure your order is correct and that you 're satisfied !
1	a family run business that even brings its dogs to work sometimes .
1	fantastic service .
1	i always get a fair quote and great service every time .
1	great job premier auto !
1	they always do a good job at a fair price .
1	_num_ % class act business !
1	i will definitely go back here !
1	all of the nail techs take their time and ensure that you leave happy .
1	the results were good , still some stray hairs though .
1	customer service is great .
1	perfect manicure .
1	but i 'll still come back because the quality is excellent for the price .
1	this place does a great job !
1	i will definitely be coming back again especially with the holidays around the corner .
1	service is very friendly and fast !
1	i love this place .
1	the pool is always nice .
1	these guys are awesome !
1	thanks for being honest michael .
1	good guys , great service , reasonable prices .
1	`` as good as it gets '' is right !
1	awesome staff with timely call backs and service .
1	the price was reasonable as well .
1	the room was absolutely beautiful and very clean .
1	very well kept and we 'll run place .
1	a nicely organized hotel !
1	great thing for when you come back really late and hungry .
1	i am extremely pleased .
1	great hotel !
1	everyone was very helpful and friendly .
1	in _num_ they went through some renovations and now have an amazing heating system .
1	i love this studio .
1	people are friendly !
1	their comparable in cost to everyone else and a good central location .
1	everyone is happy to be there .
1	this is a really good bikram studio .
1	open mind .
1	this was my first time trying bikram yoga and i loved it !
1	it is a very clean yoga studio !
1	love this place !
1	first impression , this place was warm , cozy , and great service .
1	overall , it 's very great experience in here .
1	wow !
1	i hate going to the dentist but this was a great experience .
1	i had a great experience at both offices .
1	this place is my spot .
1	the service is quick , and the staff is extremely friendly .
1	i do love this place .
1	i go here for breakfast and i usually end up with a sandwich .
1	all sandwiches here are great and filling with the side .
1	breads are freshly baked right there .
1	got bagels here to take to the team at work .
1	good but nothing to write home ( or give a great yelp review ! )
1	being from ny i always crave bagels when on vacation .
1	great way to start the day !
1	the line moved fast and our complicated order came out perfect .
1	will definitely be returning .
1	i went around 8am and the place was packed so that should say something !
1	i 'm very happy we found this gem .
1	bikini cost $ _num_ bucks , but it fit right and looked great .
1	loved this place !
1	here , i found multiple suits that fit me well and looked great !
1	great place for a cheap meal .
1	i love this place and have been eating there for years .
1	sucks they had to go and do that !
1	excellent hair .
1	walking anytime and get a good hair cut .
1	these guys are really easy to work with .
1	it was a great price and high quality work .
1	meghan at the desk is awesome and knows everyone by name !
1	i highly recommend reed chiropractic !
1	i have been going for _num_ months & have seen great improvement .
1	i highly recommend !
1	dr. reed is a great dr and i 'm glad to be coming here !
1	plus , he has an amazing bedside manner .
1	i could turn my neck , thank god !
1	he is a great listener and very knowledgeable .
1	highly recommended !
1	awesome customer service and quick repairs !
1	it is a true pleasure doing business with the couple who run the shop .
1	their customer service is amazing and their workmanship is top notch .
1	they are amazing .
1	if you go for the shot clinic , definitely go early .
1	very friendly staff !
1	thank you again to the petco staff !
1	they have reasonable prices and friendly customer service !
1	this was my first time here and , i will definitely be back .
1	very fast and friendly service !
1	homemade sides and desserts !
1	tasty tasty goodness .
1	we eat at toms pretty often .
1	fair prices , excellent food and friendly service !
1	the brisket with the spicy sauce is fantastic !
1	it 's just fantastic .
1	great food !
1	this place is right down the road from my hotel .
1	both are decent .
1	best ribs in tempe .
1	brisket is also great !
1	this place is awesome .
1	my first visit and i love it !
1	the food was delicious for sure , the catfish was amazing .
1	the buns were soft and the bbq beef was delicious .
1	i ordered the rib tips !
1	it was so delicious the cashier was so friendly and personable .
1	we sampled the rice beans and it was excellent .
1	homemade peach cobbler !
1	billy at the front always makes it a great experience .
1	got beans and mashed potatoes on the side .
1	what an upbeat group of people staffed here !
1	awesome brisket !
1	excellent !
1	excellent !
1	excellent !
1	the fried pickles are amazing .
1	incredible bbq , fantastic service .
1	the service is great .
1	service : the woman who served us was pleasant and warm .
1	food : the macaroni and cheese had jalapeos and was delicious !
1	the brisket is great , excellent sides too .
1	they are very friendly , table side delivery after a counter order .
1	i always have the best experience at tom 's .
1	always friendly and the food is always the best .
1	great lunch at tom 's bbq !
1	tom 's rocks !
1	we ordered our food and it came out very quick and was absolutely delicious !
1	best pulled pork sandwich i 've had !
1	simply some if the best bbq ive had in a while !
1	i was impressed to find that fantastic sam 's provides waxing services as well .
1	for the price , how can you top this place ?
1	however , this place offers great quality hair services .
1	we 've been here several times and have always been pleased with the results .
1	i think he is the manager , and is fantastic at his job .
1	he is professional and does a great job .
1	great service .
1	i love the style and i am coming back to fantastic sams .
1	every time i go in the staff are helpful , knowledgeable , and cheerful .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	it 's usually good food .
1	provides the kind of value you would never get at a big box store .
1	thanks mike s. for all your help .
1	matt was great .
1	he was a wonderful man and sales associate .
1	the issue was fixed and now working fine .
1	great experience !
1	we ended up getting great deal and had a great experience purchasing new car .
1	we are good to go .
1	i was totally happy with the deal i got .
1	thank you to the chapman team for a well handled experience .
1	great experience .
1	just purchased a new vehicle , excellent customer service i would highly recommend .
1	great gas mileage and such a smooth ride .
1	beyond amazing service from all those mentioned above !
1	service department is pretty awesome .
1	for taking that extra step to ensure i was a happy customer !
1	parts department rocks !
1	very patient and answered all my questions .
1	i was very pleased with everything .
1	if you 're in the market come see joe !
1	everyone was very friendly and helpful .
1	it was a very positive experience .
1	thanks !
1	this is a strict service review !
1	addressed the problems and turnaround time was excellent .
1	if you want a new car go see brian young he is great .
1	good job guys !
1	thank you !
1	very friendly , very knowledgeable and committed to making my truck purchase stress free .
1	i 'm always so happy here , thanks !
1	great !
1	i am extremely happy with everything and blessed to have found them .
1	best dealership experience in my life .
1	both jeff prince and dan in finance made our car purchase a joy .
1	very honest and straight forward .
1	love the car .
1	best car buying experience ever !
1	he was very attentive , welcoming now that is customer service .
1	this is the man who can get it done !
1	convenient location , consistently professional and courteous .
1	kind , respectful very refreshing .
1	they did a great job !
1	they work with you to find a number you like .
1	i will continue to shop here for my vehicle needs .
1	so for a fast food chain place this was probably one the most pleasant .
1	i will come back to eat here again .
1	we always loved seeing them when we had to stop in to get something .
1	i recommend him to all my friends .
1	he is very professional and very knowledgeable .
1	his bedside manner is impeccable and it 's easy to get appointments scheduled .
1	more than that even , he is thorough and speedy .
1	best well woman exam ever .
1	he does n't mess around and gets it done .
1	the doctor was amazing and professional .
1	i will definitely be returning .
1	he is a real character and an honest man .
1	he does an extraordinary job and he is a lovely man besides .
1	great integrity and work ethic .
1	highly recommend !
1	i love this staff !
1	she was friendly and caring , and thoroughly explained things to me !
1	thank you so much for your kindness and good work .
1	i love my new hair style and will definitely go back .
1	great salon !
1	the atmosphere is amazing , and everyone is so nice .
1	my friend and i were offered free muffins and drinks and felt completely comfortable .
1	the owner is awesome too !
1	danielle is the best with spray tans and body waxing .
1	she 's is so professional and really puts you at ease .
1	morgan did a fantastic job !
1	i found a winner in altered ego !
1	i love coming here !
1	thank you terri !
1	( and thank you tara for recommending her ! )
1	she followed up with me twice to make sure i still liked it .
1	they are both amazing !
1	they definitely pampered you and made sure you were very pleased with their services .
1	they may be a few minutes late but you will leave looking fantastic !
1	topher is amazing , he spent hours working to make my hair absolutely perfect .
1	she 's a talented lady and one i will continue to return to .
1	i love this salon !
1	i was in love with this place from the first time i went !
1	outstanding !
1	she is amazing with color .
1	tina definitely knows how to make your hair look great !
1	topher has been my stylist since my first appointment !
1	i love this salon !
1	i would highly recommend topher .
1	she was amazing !
1	i appreciate his skill and treats my head like art , a true artist .
1	this place is pretty much the shit .
1	they did a fabulous job on my hair and make up for my wedding !
1	she listens to what you want and always delivers .
1	brandy does an awesome job !
1	turned out perfect !
1	thanks , topher , for a great cut and comfortable time at altered ego .
1	i absolutely love the team at altered ego !
1	she truly has a gift !
1	tiffany is my stylist and this lady knows what 's up !
1	nice fade and clean lines .
1	danielle does the waxing and is super knowledgeable and sweet .
1	topher is attentive and listens to his clients .
1	she is the best hair stylist i 've ever had .
1	she is also a pleasure to talk to during your cut and color !
1	love the decor , and the overall atmosphere .
1	i never have any complaints , and would recommend it to anyone !
1	i love her and i will be back .
1	absolutely amazing .
1	my hair is all better and i will never change to any different barber .
1	she was great to take to and did amazing work !
1	now i 'm a regular client !
1	this is by far the best salon !
1	best color and cut i have ever had , and she is so sweet !
1	found my new fave salon , thanks guys !
1	best haircut i 've ever had and well worth the money .
1	i 'd highly recommend her .
1	she did a great job .
1	cool place with funky coffee shop attached .
1	thank you to my friend for the referral !
1	this was my first time and my experience was great .
1	she listened to what i wanted and made sure i left happy .
1	please go see terri , you will be happy you did !
1	thank you lauren and thank you altered ego for hiring her !
1	lauren was my stylist and she did amazing !
1	i am so happy i went today and will definitely be coming back !
1	came back and got my hair cut from terri !
1	she did an amazing job with my haircut !
1	i will definitely be a repeat customer .
1	excellent gym that has everything i need .
1	plenty of machines , hot tub , showers and a locker .
1	this one is roomy , clean and has plenty of treadmills .
1	it is really big , and has lots of equipment and space .
1	the bathrooms are clean big plus !
1	and the tv 's are up to date with good resolution .
1	the employees are very friendly and engaging .
1	it 's very well kept and maintained , though .
1	nice facility , older club but very well maintained and cleaned .
1	i like that its close to home , we always have a good experience .
1	staff is always very nice .
1	it is clean and well stocked .
1	i love target !
1	this is a great target .
1	but , still always open at most times .
1	the grocery section is probably the cleanest and best in the store .
1	employees are friendly , and it 's easy to navigate through the aisles .
1	see ya there !
1	love the store !
1	i 'm quite impress with the fun items they have there .
1	staff is friendly .
1	sometimes there are some good books too .
1	it 's true here some things cost more than they do in mexico .
1	i 'd definitely recommend checking it out if you 're in the phoenix area !
1	i found this place online and decided to go there .
1	this place is amazing .
1	good deals on artisan items .
1	very nice people .
1	this shop always goes above and beyond .
1	fast , friendly service .
1	pretty good service .
1	this place offered great customer service .
1	thank you so much !
1	solid work , solid dudes .
1	well recommended .
1	this is my second trip here .
1	had a great experience here .
1	john g took great care of me .
1	my husband and i love getting our cars serviced here .
1	they have always been extremely good to us and have wonderful customer service .
1	great staff and friendly service !
1	keep up the great work , mark and staff !
1	got an alignment and oil change .
1	thank you ... .
1	got my tires here last time and got them replaced today .
1	great service from all of the staff .
1	$ _num_ dollar oil change and great great customer service .
1	overall , very satisfied !
1	excellent service again !
1	the delivery man was really nice too .
1	a great place to stop by for lunch .
1	this is my favorite fast food .
1	this is my favorite fast food chinese restaurant in town .
1	love this place .
1	food is delivered fast and hot on arrival .
1	would definitely recommend the vegetable chow mein .
1	they give u huge portions , it 's always warm and hearty .
1	the pricing is extremely reasonable and do n't skimp on sauces or sides .
1	love it !
1	best chicken chow mein ever .
1	tender , flavorful not greasy .
1	i will definitely get more food from these guys again .
1	food is consistent and prices are good .
1	done both pickup and delivery .
1	always surprised at how fast the delivery times are .
1	i almost always get the pork fried rice , which is always fantastic .
1	if you get the combo , you wont even finish it .
1	they are very consistent and the food is always fresh .
1	small place to eat in at but its great for small parties .
1	super awesome experience !
1	see ya there !
1	newly updated fresh and clean .
1	truly awesome person !
1	i will definitely be coming back !
1	great comfort food .
1	i highly recommend this business .
1	this is a great place for vacuum repair !
1	great service and reasonable prices !
1	i bought a used machine and i 'm a first time sewer .
1	i also brought two other machines he did a great job with .
1	i was very impressed by how willing he was to go above and beyond .
1	i 've found myself going to this bar ever since .
1	this place is perfect .
1	it is so nice to find a place that gets it right .
1	chill spot for drinking with the boys .
1	this place honestly kicks ass .
1	check out bethany learning center today !
1	extremely nice staff , in a really clean , modern , comfortable office .
1	wow .
1	hatch family dentistry is great !
1	i 'm so happy we found them .
1	yep i will keep coming back .
1	perfect every time .
1	, but no , perfect every time .
1	they always get your drink right .
1	clean and the employees are very nice .
1	in and out , the lobby is always fast and convenient .
1	sitting on their patio is nice in the mornings too .
1	my daughter loves your packaged salads .
1	the price .
1	my son loves the banana granola bars .
1	this is the best grocery store ever !
1	i love this place !
1	the staff is always friendly and helpful if you need to locate an item .
1	staff is always awesome .
1	but for quick and easy meals , its great .
1	best customer service ever !
1	excellent wines at excellent prices .
1	i love love this store !
1	the employees are extremely nice and helpful .
1	i love this place !
1	lots of good , healthy food options .
1	i love this trader joe 's !
1	they always have what i want and it 's easy to find .
1	it 's got the best in whole , organic foods .
1	trader joe 's always goes above and beyond in all of their services .
1	the daily samples are fun , delicious and creative .
1	for the most part , i 'm a huge fan of trader joes .
1	they have high quality food , at very fair prices .
1	this store is in a great location and i love shopping here !
1	they also have great deals on wine .
1	service has always been cheerful and friendly here .
1	the ready to eat meals are awesome and always fresh .
1	trader joes - always a fun place to shop .
1	somehow is seems like it turns shopping into a fun experience .
1	i love this store !
1	the employees are so friendly and the food is awesome !
1	a hidden gem .
1	i love tj 's .
1	staff has always been really helpful and quick .
1	good selection always very fresh .
1	some great vegetarian selections and food ready to eat .
1	trader joe 's has the small local feel to it .
1	the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	i love that the employees are like family to me .
1	service has always been really helpful but most importantly are the free samples !
1	nom nom !
1	by far my favorite trader joe 's .
1	the layout is great .
1	such a fan of this store !
1	it 's always a pleasure to shop at trader joe 's in tempe .
1	everything is amazing .
1	please build one in south chandler .
1	however everyone who works at this location is great .
1	i love the wine selection .
1	all in all , it 's a great shopping experience at trader joes .
1	i was so happy about people knowing how to treat service animals here .
1	love this store .
1	good products and produce .
1	worth every cent !
1	there is always something new to try .
1	their breakfast sandwich croissants are sooo good !
1	the service is not the best but they are super nice .
1	it was really good .
1	they have free wi-fi and i was able to work outside on my project .
1	love , love , love the croissants here .
1	croissants - amazing .
1	a+ !
1	plenty of parking and there 's also free wifi .
1	so good !
1	he even helped me to my car with my box of pastries !
1	i will definitely be coming here again !
1	in that light they are excellent .
1	i 'm glad that it 's still here offering buttery rich pastries and sandwiches .
1	be sure to go early for best selection !
1	so happy to have found this little bit of heaven !
1	it came with chips and a pickle .
1	the people were also extremely friendly .
1	forgot what i ordered but remembered it was really good .
1	fortunately , there is a croissant place right next door .
1	yummy breakfast sandwiches on delicious , buttery croissants .
1	tastes great for breakfast .
1	i also had an iced mocha that was perfectly flavored .
1	, and they make great coffee drinks .
1	had a very light and flavorful breakfast today !
1	this place is amazing .
1	i highly recommend !
1	good coffee too , with free refills .
1	my friend got a salad and said it was amazing .
1	this is by far the best croissant joint i 've ever been to .
1	their croissants are so fresh and so tasty !
1	the owner is such a genuine and welcoming person !
1	so so good !
1	he offered help out to the car and i was on my way .
1	yummmm !
1	roast beef and cheddar - delicious .
1	the service is good and the servers friendly .
1	the best chinese restaurant in tempe !
1	so delicious and super great service .
1	fantastic hot and sour soup .
1	my favorite chinese restaurant in phoenix .
1	best lemon chicken ever !
1	the service is good , fast , friendly !
1	they are the best , very good food every time .
1	excellent pricing and fresh veggies .
1	you 'll find lots of local people here .
1	lots of asians !
1	get something different and authentic , trust me , you will love it .
1	also their steamed fish is good too .
1	i love wong 's place .
1	i always have .
1	it 's well worth the drive .
1	as to what to eat here , well ... everything !
1	everything is good that i have ordered so far .
1	give it a try if you 're a fan of wings .
1	highly recommend .
1	the dining area is n't the fanciest , but the food is great .
1	i love this place for a few reasons .
1	if your looking for authentic chinese in az this is the spot .
1	wong 's is the best place for lunch !
1	the owner is always on site and helping .
1	we love wong 's !
1	abundant portions and a spice level i enjoyed .
1	the service was great , the restaurant clean and the prices moderate .
1	i love this place .
1	the owner is nice and he 's always at the restaurant .
1	best chinese food ever !
1	wong 's place is easily my favorite chinese in the valley .
1	the owners are such gracious hosts , and the food is absolutely delicious !
1	food is delicious and authentic .
1	the owner henry is very nice and his team provide great customer service .
1	we absolutely love wong 's .
1	what a steal for a dinner for two !
1	definitely repeat customers .
1	great service and atmosphere as well !
1	my family and i love this place .
1	its kinda a hole in the wall , but the food is spot on .
1	first chinese place we love since moving to the state .
1	one of our favorite chinese spots in the valley .
1	the sizzling rice soup is amazing .
1	this place is as authentic as american chinese food can get !
1	the moo shu pork is delicious and so is their kung pao !
1	nice people .
1	food is amazing .
1	salt pepper pork .
1	great food !
1	we enjoyed it immensely .
1	we highly recommend this place .
1	love this place !
1	the service is great also .
1	best chinese food in the valley .
1	they have great flavor .
1	this is our family 's secret joint for chinese food .
1	dependable and delicious .
1	deluxe house chow mien is great !
1	it was amazing .
1	the food was delicious and the staff was very polite to us .
1	highly recommend !
1	the food is fantastic and authentic !
1	their servers are so nice and work extremely hard .
1	friendly service .
1	it 's the best in the area .
1	the food is outstanding though .
1	the garlic chicken and garlic fried rice are our favorites !
1	wong 's has the best chinese food in town !
1	it has become a regular stop for my family .
1	decent price good selection , sushi bar .
1	this is one of my favorite places to eat .
1	for the price , the value at china town is very good .
1	more than anything on their menu i really enjoy the sushi .
1	the staff is very friendly and hospitable .
1	yet another trip there today .
1	they had crab legs and i got my fill !
1	for the most part , this restaurant is good .
1	this is a great school !
1	most importantly , it tasted good .
1	i was impressed with their concern and attention to detail .
1	their prices are competitive and they 're friendly and helpful .
1	try it , you 'll like it !
1	much better than the big box stores .
1	they will even cut it and carry it to your car for you .
1	the girls at the front desk were so nice and caring .
1	they treated the kitty with a lot of dignity and i appreciate that .
1	i 'll definitely return for future shots and check ups .
1	i recommend him and his team -- you wo n't be sorry .
1	fast and friendly service .
1	keeps me coming back for more !
1	the staff welcomed us warmly and made us feel at home .
1	san diego bay restaurant is as good as its yelp reviews .
1	small bonus for remembering me and offering what i wanted right away .
1	this is one of our absolute favorite places for mexican food .
1	this is the best seafood mexican in phoenix .
1	the fish and shrimp tacos are super , the margaritas are big and bold .
1	the chips and salsa as delicious and the entrees are all so tasty .
1	really nice family running the place .
1	shrimp are fresh and tasty .
1	i love this place .
1	be brave ... .
1	everything is good .
1	they serve authentic mexican seafood dishes .
1	they have fresh fish and good service .
1	fish is fresh .
1	very tasty !
1	enjoy !
1	we met a customer here for dinner and it was excellent .
1	we also had the peppers and they were excellent .
1	very authentic , with warm staff and delicious food .
1	sort of an odd location , but great authentic mexican sea food dishes .
1	if you like shrimp , this place has a menu full of it .
1	we were worried about this place at first but found it to be excellent !
1	very authentic .
1	clean , simple but most of all flavorful mariscos ( sea food ) .
1	we came to this place looking for great food and it did n't disappoint .
1	restaurant looks very authentic and colorful .
1	overall good food !
1	rellenos are very good .
1	truly an exceptional experience all around - ca n't wait to come back !
1	best pool store in the valley .
1	no pressure service , with reasonable price and excellent results .
1	this place is definitely my go to pool store .
1	good prices on most things here .
1	decent location .
1	this will be my go to store in the future !
1	thanks !
1	this is such a great place .
1	this is the best pool shop in the east valley .
1	they sell the better quality products at good prices .
1	nice locally owned business .
1	always good to know they are honest !
1	they are always knowledgeable , priced right , and genuinely there to help you .
1	these people are as honest as they come .
1	a+ for customer service .
1	dr. patty is a great person and was always great with my two cats .
1	she has a great sense of humor and is very intelligent .
1	dr patty and her entire staff are fabulous !
1	she 's fantastic and so is all the staff at south point animal clinic .
1	service & care is wonderful .
1	dr. patty is the best .
1	she is a wonderful veterinarian with a very caring and dedicated staff .
1	she treated us ( and our cat ) like family .
1	but she was just wonderful !
1	dr. patti is the best , she truly loves animals and it shows .
1	she is reasonable and doesnt charge a fortune .
1	a true gem for our furry kids .
1	i very highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for a vet !
1	i love this place so much .
1	great team !
1	i love the staff here and dr. patti is great .
1	south point animal clinic is the best clinic in phoenix .
1	the staff there is incredibly friendly .
1	went back a couple of weeks ago , and still as good as ever .
1	the food is pretty affordable , and it tastes great .
1	so tender !
1	these truly are the best tacos around .
1	the tamales were amazing .
1	i will definitely be going back .
1	prices are decent for mexican food .
1	all my friends enjoyed theirs .
1	very good mexican food !
1	the menudo is very tasty , i would recommend this to anyone .
1	enjoy !
1	its also fast , and inexpensive .
1	amazingly good mexican food for the price .
1	super affordable .
1	service is fast and friendly , prices are reasonable and portions generous .
1	this place rules , my favorite fast mexican place .
1	overall , great place to grab some good , quick grub .
1	also the chips and sauce are delicious .
1	was a little to bitter for me , but wife loved it .
1	i love , love , love them .
1	they make the food super quick even when they are really busy !
1	we 've gone to their other locations and it 's always consistent as well .
1	decent prices .
1	decent mexican food .
1	good deals , good food .
1	other than that this place is pretty good .
1	the tacos are good too .
1	great food !
1	always great .
1	so far .
1	this is just good family food , nothing fancy .
1	its a cute little restaurant and packed .
1	love this place !
1	i would highly recommend this place .
1	great fast serve mexican .
1	also , the place looks fantastic since the remodel .
1	good quality fast food mexican lunch for a reasonable price .
1	fantastic food !
1	cool atmosphere .
1	seems to be pretty popular .
1	a great place to frequent for lunch or dinner !
1	the margaritas are worth using a gift card .
1	always a good place to eat with friends and/or family .
1	the horchata is really really good .
1	the carne street tacos are delicious .
1	all the dishes i 've ever tried here are very good .
1	good food decent size .
1	love the enchiladas and burritos .
1	recommend the tea !
1	i love this place !
1	a great family restaurant for nearly thirty years .
1	nothing amazing but better than filibertos and other `` fast food '' mexican .
1	the pollo fundido is amazing !
1	consistently one of the best mexican food restaurants in arizona !
1	love the hot sauce !
1	i like the food here !
1	great taste .
1	friendly service and family feel to the place .
1	the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
1	check these guys out and see what they can do for you .
1	a great place to get your body feeling great again for happier days !
1	i would recommend to friends and family .
1	all the staff is friendly .
1	very clean as well !
1	this place is amazing !
1	everyone has great energy and is very ongoing .
1	a great place to get your body feeling great again for happier days !
1	love this place !
1	it 's open _num_ hours and has tasty , inexpensive food .
1	see ya there !
1	it was a great meal .
1	top _num_ .
1	great lunch specials and daily $ _num_ items .
1	i love fresh mexican food , especially late at night .
1	it is just filling enough for me .
1	it is just perfect !
1	their nachos and carne asada fries are very tasty and filling .
1	good .
1	came here all the time with my best friends for a reliably great meal .
1	the staff members are always friendly and consistent with preparing your order correctly .
1	i was pleasantly surprised at the quality of my carne asada burrito .
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	they are simple , yet so good !
1	we were in phoenix on a mini vacation and luckily we found this place .
1	the management staff here is very good .
1	it is a great community with great people !
1	ever since we first came to apply i 've loved it !
1	the roasted salsa also is tasty , although the chips could use some work .
1	it 's worth a try if you have never been to one .
1	thank goodness , since it is close to home .
1	this particular rubio 's is my favorite , mainly because of the staff .
1	good location , because , it is close to my house .
1	the salmon burrito is delish as well .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	both were delicious !
1	my family and i love this place !
1	the food is really tasty and affordable .
1	best fish tacos in az .
1	what a great gift !
1	my favorite is the roasted chipotle !
1	i thought this place was very tasty .
1	good employee .
1	delicious ... together with a fresh strawberry or tropical lemonade ... refreshing !
1	did a great job .
1	amazing service .
1	easy , up front pricing .
1	top notch job at a great price .
1	best bang for your buck in the valley .
1	very happy .
1	these guys did a great job in a timely manner .
1	i highly recommended their services .
1	i highly recommend them to anyone .
1	i highly recommend tracy 's for any body work !
1	chip is great , very personable and professional .
1	super nice people , truly care about customer satisfaction .
1	very friendly people and very competitive price .
1	they were done on time with great communication .
1	highly recommended !
1	big thanks to everyone at tracy 's !
1	the food is delicious and the owner is extremely sweet .
1	i used to frequent this spot quite a bit .
1	everything tastes fresh , and the boxed presentation of to-go foods is top notch .
1	the food was very tasty and reasonably priced .
1	it was so fresh , the portions so generous ... .
1	all in all it 's worth going to .
1	the sesame chicken , the orange chicken are amazing .
1	nice little spot with modern decor and good lighting .
1	we were both really impressed .
1	better quality and flavor .
1	this is my favorite asian restaurant in tempe !
1	there is something for everyone here ... including my very picky vegan son !
1	definitely one of my favorite lunch menus of all time ... .
1	also , the fried rice has improved , so they 've actually gotten better .
1	great value for the money and i like the fact that they are consistent .
1	its delicious !
1	i 've taken several friends here and they all enjoy the place as well .
1	i absolutely love tott 's .
1	fantastic .
1	wow .
1	_num_ stars of win !
1	i love this place !
1	it 's good stuff .
1	i am always referring my co-workers and friends to eat here .
1	i 'm a tott 's fan for life !
1	i am so happy tott 's has come back so quickly !
1	still the best asian food in town .
1	dishes are served with brown rice and generous portions .
1	omg so good and huge servings !
1	what an incredible meal !
1	same great food !
1	my kids love eating here .
1	more authentic than pei wei .
1	recommend !
1	everyone there is very friendly and helpful .
1	great food for a great price .
1	and the people are so awesome .
1	i had the orange chicken and it was good .
1	i went here today with my supervisor and it was very good !
1	amazing as ever .
1	amazing asian food !
1	i love the curry noodles with tofu most but the orange chicken is amazing !
1	the owner is really friendly and the food is consistently good !
1	the owner , young , is as friendly as they come .
1	love this place !
1	fresh and quick .
1	i love this place .
1	if you want a good , fast chinese food experience , eat here .
1	this is my favorite chinese food place !
1	thanks tott 's !
1	fantastic service and amazing food !
1	this is my new favorite chinese place .
1	the food is good and their prices are very reasonable .
1	we will absolutely be going back !
1	owner is always very nice and knows many of his regulars by name .
1	i love the service .
1	great staff , cheap prices and healthy choices !
1	awesome food !
1	it 's my favorite .
1	really good food and the owner and workers are super nice !
1	it 's great for the price too !
1	the flavor of the curry powder was bright and clean .
1	extremely reasonable for the quality of food you get .
1	my boyfriend and i love this place !
1	young , the owner and his staff are super nice and friendly !
1	thank you for such amazing food !
1	love this place !
1	owner and employees are super friendly and they offer a wide selection of choices .
1	love that they offer brown rice .
1	everything is clean and the food is very fresh .
1	always very hot .
1	i love small businesses and especially if they treat people well .
1	great food , nice ambiance , good customer service .
1	good food !
1	they are friendly and their food is fresh .
1	the spicy island chicken is a good choice !
1	tott 's asian diner is definitely a must try !
1	it is so much better than pei wei .
1	tott 's is delicious , well priced , served fast and fresh .
1	the food is amazing for chinese , but the service will blow your mind .
1	i went in today and got an order to go .
1	friendly staff , and extremely fast !
1	the egg drop soup was delicious - lots of egg !
1	the chow mein also had a lot of vegetables , which i loved !
1	this is it !
1	the kung pao chicken and my spring rolls were delicious !
1	good food .
1	portions are good size and prices are reasonable .
1	staff is friendly and service was prompt .
1	the staff here is friendly and helpful with fantastic food .
1	the food comes quickly and inside it is very clean and tidy .
1	excellent tasting fried rice and their tofu is amazing .
1	good sign .
1	both very good , with large portions , and competitive prices .
1	service was fast and you could tell the people cared .
1	i love that !
1	happily surprised !
1	the service was great !
1	really good fresh asian food .
1	very generous portions for a great price .
1	i love this place .
1	they take care of their customers and serve good food !
1	best meal ever !
1	honestly it was more inviting than most sit down experiences .
1	honestly my favorite chinese restaurant of all time .
1	i just love this place !
1	great food at a very competitive price .
1	i thought the food was great , very good curry !
1	my husband loved the spicy crispy beef .
1	great americanized chinese food .
1	the food is amazing for the price .
1	this is the place !
1	it 's nice to support a great , local business .
1	great food .
1	excellent flavor and good amount of spice .
1	great food !
1	the orange chicken is phenomenal .
1	good alternative to the panda option .
1	we love it .
1	freshly prepared food that was delicious in a comfortable environment with excellent service .
1	i will definitely be coming back for more !
1	the general manager made sure we were well taken care of , good service .
1	good food and the owner really takes the time to talk to customers .
1	food is good .
1	this is by far my favorite and my family 's too .
1	great customer service .
1	really good and quick asian food !
1	my whole family enjoyed their meals ; my girls loved food .
1	my wife is a huge fan of the wonton soup .
1	noodle dishes are very good as well .
1	i love how fresh the food is .
1	the atmosphere is charming .
1	but the food was some of the best i 've had around these parts .
1	thanks for a great experience !
1	i love , love , love the cream cheese puffs from here .
1	super fresh , high quality food and fantastic service .
1	it 's clean , the food is flavorful and at a decent price .
1	i would strongly recommend this shop for their friendly and quality service .
1	amazing locally owned flower shop that supports the local community .
1	very helpful florist !
1	i live in pa and ordered flowers for a friend in az .
1	love this place !
1	the flowers are fresh and the arrangements last !
1	flowers are always fresh and beautiful !
1	i found bobbie 's flowers on yelp and saw that they had great reviews .
1	my mom said it is the most spectacular arrangement she has ever received .
1	really great service .
1	flowers were stunning !
1	thanks again and always support the locals !
1	wow !
1	they did a fantastic job .
1	i seriously think they had the coolest flowers there !
1	they provide excellent customer service .
1	that was great service .
1	i have to say they did an outstanding arrangement last year .
1	absolutely the best flowers in town !
1	the flowers are rather pretty , and smell divine .
1	i love them !
1	they were able to deliver the flowers early which made the surprise perfect .
1	happy w their service .
1	friendly service and easy to work with and top quality work .
1	i will definitely be ordering from them again .
1	it has always seemed to be very clean , even the restrooms .
1	all the wonderful ladies work hard to make everyone smile .
1	happy birthday wendy !
1	very close to the arizona grand resort .
1	adam was there , as per usual , to make my experience flow smoothly .
1	fast , efficient and attentive .
1	she was really thorough .
1	they are great with me everytime i go and treat me well .
1	always a great job , never a wait .
1	love love love cherry !
1	i 've been here a couple times the atmosphere was good today !
1	also , nails come out really nice .
1	their prices are very comparable to best buy and other electronics stores .
1	they offer the best price in the valley and their sales are always great .
1	i am a happy girl everytime i walk out from this store .
1	that makes me a fan !
1	it 's like the walmart version of best buy .
1	this store is pretty big !
1	what i like about this store is your ability to have choices .
1	he 's very knowledgeable and friendly .
1	what a fantastic experience !
1	sometimes you have to ask for assistance but it 's worth it .
1	i shall return !
1	salads are fresh and my kids love the pizza .
1	this is a hidden gem .
1	lots of meat and olives - amazing pizza .
1	the girl that took my order was very sweet and friendly .
1	best service .
1	good quality !
1	everything on the menu is delicious !
1	also great service !
1	this pizza is amazing !
1	the service was excellent as well !
1	very great experience from quote to repair .
1	owner is great to work with and such an honest guy .
1	we have brought our car there twice now .
1	price was fair and i 'm happy .
1	they were thorough , honest & great to deal with .
1	she is pleasant , funny & efficient .
1	my _num_ ton unit works great .
1	brandon is the most honest person you will ever meet !
1	he genuinely cared about what i needed for my insurance needs .
1	brandon is extremely knowledgable on all of the insurance products he offers .
1	theresa was the woman who helped me and she was amazing .
1	overall a nice store .
1	the produce and meat are always fresh .
1	the staff is super friendly .
1	really like this store , feel comfortable coming here .
1	it 's also easy to find stuff in this store .
1	good overall market .
1	but i love ralph in the liquor section .
1	i shop here every week and will continue to do so .
1	i find the store to be clean and always well stocked .
1	many of the gorgeous large flowers were blooming .
1	she gave great customer service .
1	they cut hair and do it well .
1	they were trustworthy thorough and completed quality work .
1	their pricing is competitive and their quality is top notch .
1	always so fast , consistent and courteous .
1	this shop does fantastic work at a great price .
1	he does beautiful work .
1	highly recommend !
1	also was relatively quick and well priced .
1	my family and i really appreciate going above and beyond for us .
1	wow .
1	they came right out and fixed us up .
1	very reasonable .
1	well worth the trek south .
1	they are the best in town !
1	some of the valley 's very best wings for _num_ plus years .
1	as people have said the wings are fantastic .
1	we will be going back this weekend for more !
1	best bbq wings we 've had in a long time !
1	this place is great !
1	amazing pizza .
1	we love their food there and to go .
1	the business is clean , attractive and inviting .
1	i 'd definitely recommend this to anyone who is of need of their services !
1	the job seems to be done well and everything works as expected .
1	appliance express rocks .
1	score !
1	it is very organized and clean !
1	every rack is full of potential .
1	they accept cards , and the staff all seem to enjoy this place .
1	score !
1	always a fair sale .
1	it 's worth the drive .
1	top notch in my book .
1	excellent job , it feels and drives like new .
1	best customer service !
1	truly a great buying and ongoing experience not often encountered when buying a car .
1	thanks for a great buying experience and a great ride !
1	this was the most pleasant auto buying experience i 've ever had .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	the collision center staff was amazing !
1	made the whole process as easy for me as possible .
1	smells like summer !
1	their candles are divine - love the fall season candles !
1	awesome place with two awesome employees !
1	the young lady tonight was very sweet and helpful .
1	the staff is super nice and friendly .
1	all of the staff i have interacted with have herb extremely helpful and friendly .
1	the outfits are so cute and such a great price !
1	love love love !
1	best subs in town !
1	, good pricing , friendly people , good food .
1	this place sells boars head and makes delicious sandwiches with boars head products .
1	i also live their great variety of beers and other alcoholic beverages .
1	great food !
1	we appreciate your expertise and exceptional customer service .
1	love the _num_ year warranty and wonderful office staff .
1	absolutely adorable !
1	thank you .
1	natalie was very easy and comfortable to work with .
1	i 'd highly recommend this venue for any event .
1	the setting is beautiful , and the service makes it forever memorable .
1	we go here pretty and always crave it .
1	highly recommended for wedding flowers .
1	i really like this place and i will definitely be coming back .
1	i also noticed that they do weddings !
1	they arrived on time and in perfect condition .
1	highly recommend , well worth every penny spent !
1	this location stays busy so food is usually fresh and hot .
1	it was great customer service we received .
1	stand by their work and charge extremely fair prices .
1	a true treasure with a friendly and knowledgeable staff .
1	molly is a amazing i would be going back and visiting again .
1	love this place .
1	so much to choose from !
1	selection is generally pretty good .
1	great service !
1	clean store and very on top of helping customers .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	my daughter loves the selection of candy and the water is the best around .
1	excellent service !
1	very good work and friendly staff !
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	i am so happy at the service i received today from silver star .
1	they definitely know what they doing !
1	great service and very quick about getting your car fixed and back to you !
1	thanks : ) !
1	great customer service .
1	they always help .
1	the flour tortillas are delicious .
1	the line could be crazy at times but well worth the wait .
1	go here !
1	but i can truly say i 've tasted everything and it 's all great .
1	the menudo on the weekends is quite tasty also .
1	super good sweet mexican bread , soft , and delicious .
1	nice , clean and friendly staff here .
1	their sweet bread is just amazing .
1	i love this place !
1	highly recommended !
1	and the tortillas are a must if you 're here already !
1	best customer service !
1	it smelt amazing and they have so much variety like i have never seen .
1	al makes you feel very comfortable and tells you the way it is .
1	this place is absolutely amazing .
1	not only does it taste good but they will cook it for you to .
1	great prices !
1	i happened to stumble in and i 'm glad i found this place .
1	it 's great for pick up and go .
1	great meat selection .
1	great produce .
1	ive sent family and friends and everyone has good results .
1	the shop mechanics are not only knowledgeable , they are honest .
1	the owner , mo , is friendly , affordable , and helpful .
1	i have been taking my car here for years !
1	friendly , family type business .
1	much nicer than going to one of the big chain stores .
1	these guys are great !
1	they are super friendly and accommodating .
1	the owner and his employees have always been nice .
1	appreciate the lovely gals at the counter .
1	they remember you and are extremely helpful and courteous .
1	the owner and his mom are super friendly .
1	this place is so personable and just a great place to get a haircut .
1	they are clean .
1	best chorizo and egg burrito i 've had in a while .
1	you can make it .
1	the early morning staff are always friendly guys just waiting for an order .
1	so good .
1	great seasonings and plenty of toppings and fillings .
1	great menu , good price , good service .
1	it 's fast and nobody 's perfect .
1	tastes fresh and homemade !
1	i just met you and this is crazy , but here 's my number .
1	there this lady name melissa and she was great .
1	there is plenty of free street parking right outside .
1	and the staff is very friendly and welcoming .
1	will definitely visit again next time i am in the phoenix area .
1	i told you that make me smile !
1	it was definitely worth all the hype .
1	speaking of love that beautiful lady server always brings are great smile and service .
1	this is seriously good food .
1	i 'm not polish , my husband is , and we both loved it .
1	i especially love his soups which change with the day and with the season .
1	one of my wife 's favorites is the egg salad sandwich .
1	they are so so so good .
1	excellent service and a cute little place in historic glendale .
1	both were very good .
1	cute little place , pleasant service , yummy polish food .
1	we have definitely found a new favorite place to eat !
1	definitely worth the trip .
1	this is a really cute restaurant , with great patio seating .
1	inside the place was , dare i say , cute , quaint and cozy .
1	highly recommend them .
1	it is always a pleasant outing .
1	the food is always good and the service is great .
1	their tomato soup is maybe the best i have ever had .
1	highly recommended .
1	this restaurant has the best soups , salads and authentic polish food .
1	best polish food i have ever had .
1	our waitress ( who i assume is one of the owners ) was wonderful .
1	very pleasant , helpful and polite .
1	this food was exceptional .
1	i love pierogi and theirs were great .
1	we really enjoyed the food , atmosphere and service .
1	lots of other items on the menu will call us back .
1	there 's some great polish food .
1	we 've liked everything we 've had .
1	a touch of european cafe is a well kept little secret of glendale arizona .
1	we also shared a slice of carrot cake , which was also fantastic .
1	i would recommend to those looking for comfort food .
1	my hubby goes there weekly and i strongly recommend this place to anyone !
1	very good food .
1	great home cooked meal .
1	definitely a treasure as someone mentioned .
1	a small peaceful oasis with great food .
1	felt like home !
1	the pickle soup was amazing .
1	the food here is simply fantastic .
1	when the weather allows the patio is wonderful .
1	excellent food , unique in the best way possible .
1	you will be surprised and will come back .
1	excellent !
1	and maybe the best part : it 's byob !
1	they sound wonderful .
1	fresh food creative menu .
1	great , friendly service .
1	amazing food !
1	really a great meal experience in every way .
1	the staff is friendly and the food ... omg the food is fantastic !
1	such an amazing little restaurant .
1	the bread was really quite good .
1	authentic polish food and they owners are so friendly and awesome .
1	i 've tried every single sandwich and every single one is good .
1	very warm and friendly owners .
1	try it , you 'll like it !
1	they are really nice and welcoming .
1	that alone makes it great in my book !
1	these guys usually do a pretty good job for me .
1	phenomenal service , thanks !
1	they were friendly , prompt , and flexible .
1	fresh and great tasting .
1	this place was amazing !
1	the service was wonderful too !
1	this is definitely worth it !
1	the falafel is also good , though they do not always have it .
1	nonetheless it 's a pretty decent little spot .
1	good cooked to perfection .
1	i ca n't imagine my life without gyros now lol .
1	best hummus in the west valley .
1	honestly , great place to eat .
1	i get the gyro plate and it 's the greatest thing ever !
1	the staff is friendly and very attentive !
1	will go again !
1	delicious .
1	your food is nothing short of amazing and the delivery is always super fast !
1	hands down best gyro i have ever had !
1	love this place !
1	they are always super nice and love that they deliver !
1	the price was good and slightly cheaper than comparable mexican places .
1	feels authentic as you walk through the door .
1	which they always do with a smile .
1	fairly inexpensive and very tasty !
1	steak was amazing !
1	great food !
1	ambience is really cozy and the service is superb !
1	the owners and staff are very hospitable as well !
1	delicious food and big portions .
1	definitely a great little spot for lunch or dinner .
1	food is fresh and delicious with the right amount of spiciness .
1	so id recommend for ppl that wish to eat n actually be full .
1	love love love this place !
1	the outside is n't impressive but it 's pretty nice and clean inside .
1	i tried the pollo en mole which is terrific !
1	overall it 's a good hole in a wall .
1	good food and good service .
1	the beans and salsa were so tasty !
1	so good !
1	perfection .
1	the breakfast items are good though , for sure .
1	we live near glendale so i always love finding local places .
1	but anyway awesome dive feel and good food .
1	there malts are delicious and just the right amount of thick .
1	was good and definitely filling !
1	it 's also a bit of a drive from where i live .
1	wow !
1	really good and really filling .
1	he was spot on .
1	it 's actually really clean with some nice local businesses in it .
1	my waitress katie was fantastic , attentive and personable .
1	deep dish pizza here is incredible .
1	it 's expensive for the deep dish , but worth it .
1	wings are fantastic too .
1	really good pizza awesome mozzarella sticks .
1	i would certainly recommend vito 's and will order again !
1	very filling and so yummy !
1	good thin crust pizza not greasy .
1	this was great !
1	it was delicious !
1	it lasts us a good _num_ days because it 's so big !
1	this is a hidden gem !
1	but it 's worth it .
1	it was perfectly cooked , the sauce was wonderful and spices matched perfectly .
1	true chicago style pizza !
1	this is by far the best place i 've had in arizona .
1	amazing pizza ... good chicago style when we missing the chi !
1	it was awesome !
1	excellent pizza .
1	the best i 've had in phoenix for sure .
1	thanks vito !
1	the red sauce is good too , but i like green better .
1	all of their salads are very good .
1	great staff and wonderful place to shop !
1	this is a great nail salon !
1	the salon is very clean and well kept .
1	other than that this place is wonderful !
1	the ladies who run this salon are lovely skilled and knowledgeable .
1	he is honest , hard working and is very reasonable .
1	frank is an amazing mechanic .
1	frank is the best !
1	he is a busy man but always love chatting .
1	he is passionate in his trade and i highly recommend him !
1	honest with fair prices what more can you ask for ?
1	it would be a great place to take kids .
1	lots of fun !
1	it is always enjoyable .
1	i think it 's worth a visit any time you are in the area .
1	the tours of the facility are interesting .
1	amazing !
1	it 's educational , fun and tasty as they give you plenty of samples .
1	i see mail order in my future !
1	awesome selection and you can try any of the chocolates there .
1	well worth it to go and fun for the kids .
1	we loved this place !
1	great candy , great service and sooo entertaining .
1	love to see and support locally owned , family run businesses .
1	i am very impressed at the quality of candy .
1	pay the $ _num_ to make a chocolate pizza , it is worth it .
1	friendly staff .
1	of course i go home with a lot of good candy .
1	nice locally owned and family operated candy factory .
1	it 's small but quaint and all the workers are family .
1	note my family also likes the regular candy !
1	it 's actually more of a chocolate shop than candy store .
1	those are the best .
1	it is so worth it , even if it is a long drive !
1	would love to take a tour next time we are in the area !
1	have n't tried the chocolate yet but i 'm sure it 's delicious !
1	love , love , love !
1	quality and lots of choices .
1	i love this shop , especially over the holidays .
1	loved this place .
1	assortment of chocolates !
1	a bit pricey , but the chocolate is really good quality .
1	it was delivered in time and it was very cute !
1	the cookies are very delicious .
1	most the other dishes are just moderate in taste and quality .
1	the food is great , the service is very warm and welcoming .
1	there was a bit of wait but well worth it .
1	pizza is perfect .
1	when picking up my order the service was fantastic .
1	something for everyone .
1	extremely friendly and helpful staff .
1	compared to other places , it stays very cool in the summer .
1	live bands n fun activities !
1	it 's small but very friendly , products is very nice also .
1	she can make you simple designs or very fancy ones .
1	score !
1	i recommend this place to everyone , you will not be disappointed !
1	i will definitely go back .
1	every time we have had a great experience .
1	five stars for quality , service and price .
1	service was fantastic !
1	quality of the post cards were top notch .
1	you deal directly with the friendly and professional owner linda .
1	the service is very nice too !
1	this place rocks .
1	the food is fresh and the service is so nice .
1	i love this place .
1	food is amazing and people are awesome .
1	oh yeah , the service is awesome !
1	best in the valley !
1	same great food at a nicer location .
1	the value is incredible .
1	the owners are usually there and they recently moved to a more vibrant location .
1	i love the tiki !
1	she 's cool .
1	the owner was really nice and offered to hold our stuff while we shopped .
1	i got my awesome retro diner style table there .
1	i love , love , love the items here .
1	they have some really cute clothes and they have local artwork which is awesome .
1	the owner and her cats are nice .
1	overall , fun place to go !
1	super fun shop !
1	what a great experience !
1	did the work the same day , and at a very reasonable price .
1	appreciate their honesty .
1	network alignment had us in and out pretty much and the car feels great !
1	incredibly honest .
1	i am driving my car and it is working fine .
1	thank you guys and gal .
1	a little expensive , but it 's so worth it .
1	actually , we are both very happy .
1	our experience with the company was great from start to finish .
1	i have a block house and they did a great job .
1	the manager was eric and he was very helpful , polite and professional .
1	i would recommend these guys to anyone !
1	great pricing and great service !
1	highly recommend !
1	professional work .
1	from the owner to the installers , they were wonderful !
1	killer port work , the best custom built pipes anywhere !
1	service was awesome .
1	michael is honest , prompt , reasonably priced , and friendly .
1	i was loving this place .
1	the conversations are great and genuine .
1	this is the best barber shop in the valley .
1	outstanding .
1	in fact , the scones were absolutely delicious !
1	i will definitely be going back .
1	the service was pleasant and quite attentive .
1	what a perfect afternoon tea time .
1	had high tea with my mother-in-law ; it was fantastic !
1	very fun , i 'd definitely come back .
1	we would highly recommend it .
1	well worth the money and the experience .
1	the staff was very accomodating and the atmosphere was very pleasant .
1	the food was excellent and the service was great !
1	we will definitely be back !
1	i will definitely be going back for more .
1	the entire experience was relaxing and comfortable .
1	based on this trip , we will definitely be back .
1	the lunch was delicious and the scones were amazing .
1	all good vibes up in here .
1	wow .
1	great food for low price .
1	he was friendly and professional .
1	they 've been making the best dogs in town for decades .
1	they also sell the relish & sport peppers to take home .
1	some of the best dogs around .
1	good place for lunch and prices were not bad .
1	this place is the best !
1	the fries are especially great .
1	damn it was good .
1	i love this restaurant .
1	local and family owned .
1	yes they only take cash but it is worth stopping to get cash out .
1	got ta love it .
1	super fresh and moist , not dry at all !
1	i love this place .
1	but it 's worth the stop at an atm .
1	very much kid friendly & that 's awesome !
1	i strongly recommend this place !
1	i love eating here !
1	the homemade fries where fresh and hot .
1	this is one of my absolute favorite local treasures .
1	great dogs and great fries .
1	best hotdog shop ever !
1	all the dogs come with homemade fries and they are delicious .
1	amazing !
1	fast friendly service !
1	great food , fast service , great desserts !
1	this place has absolutely wonderful service !
1	this is such an unusual place .
1	nice friendly service .
1	finally some good hot wings !
1	greg is the ultimate professional .
1	greg is so professional and knowledgable .
1	quality through and through with prices no one can beat .
1	great guy and great work !
1	honest , reliable , responsive , i would recommend greg to anyone .
1	thanks for the wonderful service and i will be calling for future projects .
1	my new blinds went up this week and they 're perfect .
1	perfect !
1	from the moment i called greg at coyote blinds i had a positive experience .
1	i am very pleased with the service and the finished product looks beautiful .
1	i would definitely recommend them !
1	very pleased with my experience with greg and coyote blind company !
1	the _num_ men were great .
1	great quality and so friendly .
1	thanks yelp and thanks coyote blinds !
1	he was honest , helpful , and very professional .
1	the pizza is amazing , wings are too .
1	this is a nice little place .
1	the pizza was good and the service was fine .
1	really good pizza .
1	definitely check it out if you are in the area !
1	pizza was hot and fresh and very good and tasty .
1	will eat here anytime i have a chance !
1	pizza old roma is definitely the best pizza i have ever eaten .
1	my husband is from jersey and loves this place .
1	so good i ate the crust , which i rarely do .
1	awesome employees , very friendly .
1	it is casual and inexpensive .
1	pizza was amazing we had the large pepperoni .
1	not world class , but great for what it is .
1	good food , great value .
1	the pizza crust was nice and sweet and made the pizza better tasting .
1	otherwise it 's as i remember , very hot and very good .
1	the dining area is minimal but clean , and the servers are very friendly .
1	happy we came across this little place !
1	great pizza in a `` hometown '' atmosphere.
1	they will have it fixed soon but it made for an interesting shopping experience .
1	i love it .
1	this place is great !
1	if you go ask for angie , she 's great .
1	the showroom staff was very helpful and efficient .
1	my go-to for affordable , solid mexican food .
1	i love love their stuffed quesadilla and their pico di gallo is always yummy .
1	cheese crisps are always cooked perfectly , and free chips and salsa !
1	we discovered this place some years ago simply by accident and loved it .
1	they have a small salsa bar and give you chips with your order .
1	service is quick and the price is excellent .
1	i love this place !
1	still one of my favorite places to eat mexican food .
1	i always feel comfortable and all of my piercings have healed without a problem .
1	very professional and friendly .
1	it 's a real neighborhood gem .
1	the rice is cooked and seasoned perfectly .
1	good food for the price !
1	chips were fresh and great .
1	the perfect hole in the wall mexican food restaurant .
1	i have grown up coming here and it is always delicious !
1	pretty much the ideal lunch stop .
1	my favorite thing to eat here is the beef tacos .
1	the best flavor of any tacos i have had .
1	i decided to try it recently and absolutely loved their chips and salsa .
1	food is great- chips and salsa with the chunky salsa is awesome .
1	i absolutely love it .
1	great food , great service , great price !
1	tried it for the first time and the service and food was great .
1	it 's small , it 's old , and its good .
1	the food is always good and the service friendly and efficient .
1	pedro 's is in the entertainment book and often have groupon offerings .
1	definitely my favorite place to eat mexican food .
1	you get a lot of food for a low price and everything is good .
1	the chips and salsa is amazing !
1	love this place .
1	awesome , awesome joint .
1	great food !
1	small down home , real food place !
1	great food , good , prices , and good salsa .
1	the food is great !
1	but this place nailed it !
1	rice was fluffy and fresh .
1	beans were great .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	the quality of the food , service , and atmosphere has never disappointed .
1	this place is outstanding .
1	however , everything is good .
1	great with chips or on your meal !
1	enjoy !
1	the chips and salsa is also very good .
1	the chips are made fresh everyday .
1	i love pedro 's mexican restaurant !
1	it is the absolute best mexican food .
1	and the staff is wonderful and friendly .
1	great staff always friendly , excellent service , and the food is amazing .
1	a little sweet .
1	very reasonable prices and modest decor .
1	great , authentic food made fresh and a cool place to grab a bite !
1	this place is amazing .
1	i ordered the shrimp salad and it was tasty !
1	the avocado made it perfect .
1	excellent food , service , and value .
1	love it !
1	everybody we have taken here raves about it !
1	i liked the refried beans , you could taste the ham bone flavor .
1	crunchy was crunchy satisfying all the senses .
1	it was amazing .
1	the salsa and chips are the best .
1	great service .
1	the staff are very friendly and kind .
1	the food is absolutely amazing .
1	the chips were perfect !
1	best cheese crisp .
1	but this place was a good choice .
1	the chimichanga is delicious and it comes with guacamole and sour cream .
1	the servers are very kind and patient .
1	so authentic .
1	so original .
1	love this place for over _num_ years !
1	you can even buy pints of the salsa and take it to go !
1	great service , honest , and affordable .
1	knowledgeable , fair and fast .
1	i have been using paul for probably _num_ years now and he 's great .
1	it 's very nice having someone i can trust work on my vehicles .
1	best mechanic out there !
1	check the place out !
1	always a good place to shop .
1	the staff is great .
1	great place .
1	this is a great place for happy hour and all sporting events .
1	chris and kelly are awesome bartenders !
1	i love the wraps .
1	love their wings !
1	cajun chicken sandwich with tater tots are the best !
1	the wings and fries are amazing !
1	bartenders chris and christine are real with you and provide amazing service .
1	good food and the service was fantastic .
1	great prices on drinks .
1	great crowd , and good food .
1	love this place to catch the games .
1	the best service in town !
1	great happy hour !
1	they are quick , smart and just plain good .
1	the workers there are friendly and honest .
1	randy and his boys are amazing .
1	thank you johnson automotive .
1	the _num_ star rating holds true .
1	friendly , honest service .
1	bar none , the best service i 've ever had .
1	their office is neat and tidy -- a very good sign .
1	their garage is neat and tidy .
1	this place is awesome !
1	i would highly recommend them .
1	i love this place !
1	the biggest draw to creative quest is its wall of handmade papers .
1	we are definitely going back with some friends .
1	i heart the king wah !
1	its always consistently good .
1	great chinese food !
1	everything was amazing and the chef was so nice and wonderful .
1	good customer service and great food .
1	been here only once and i will return !
1	delicious .
1	very delicious authentic chinese food at a reasonable price .
1	their roasted duck is absolutely amazing .
1	everything tastes fresh from the market .
1	very impressed !
1	really good flavor !
1	really good food .
1	all very nice temperature , huge portions and fresh ingredients .
1	definitely will return .
1	i 'll definitely be returning .
1	their fried rice is awesome as well !
1	the prices are very competitive and the staff really care for your animals .
1	jennifer the tech is very caring .
1	i 'm a satisfied customer !
1	ive been coming here for many years .
1	good stuff !
1	a big plus is the food is awesome !
1	the food tastes great and i have never had a better experience here great !
1	i love this place !
1	food was good and the price was right .
1	great flavor in every dish and they also deliver !
1	friendly and prompt service .
1	great for those who have been out of the country for over two years .
1	also a safe environment because of the police presence enjoying a meal .
1	definitely a good breakfast spot .
1	food is good , and the prices are fair .
1	add the fresh home made salsa was really excellent so we were not disappointed .
1	i was here last night and i had a really nice time .
1	it was a good movie !
1	i love this place .
1	after receiving back my truck , i noticed a small leak .
1	leslie was the one who took the order and took great care of me .
1	one of the top chinese food places we 've been to .
1	definitely a must go to !
1	and - the staff there is really great .
1	omg it is so freakin ' delicious .
1	very friendly staff .
1	the veggies are fresh just the right crunch .
1	they have delicious food and great lunch special prices .
1	honestly , we 're addicted to this place .
1	for take-out chinese it is pretty darn good .
1	love this place 's food !
1	best of all ; they deliver !
1	love their lo mein and fried rice !
1	absolutely amazing .
1	awesome customer service .
1	good prices .
1	customer service is excellent and the waiting room is very clean .
1	this is my go-to spot for oil change .
1	i was very pleased with their experience and their customer service .
1	highly recommend them !
1	they took great care of me and are extremely nice .
1	i would highly recommend this office and dr. grant .
1	it is the cutest little place for breakfast and i love going here .
1	i have had a few things on the menu and have always been delighted .
1	good service and prices .
1	the inside is really nice and cozy though .
1	it did not disappoint !
1	my breakfast was pretty good and reasonably priced .
1	love the small town and family owned feel of this place !
1	yummy yummy yummy !
1	a great little spot worth the wait when there is one !
1	it was such a great experience .
1	the food was great , and not pricey .
1	highly recommend this place to anyone looking for great food and a happy atmosphere .
1	amazing !
1	great price and serving sizes .
1	he loved all things breakfast there.
1	when i went to visit , i always got an omelet .
1	huge and yummy .
1	great service and the food was excellent .
1	everything was great , and the warm little muffins were excellent !
1	i found the key to liking this restaurant ... .
1	this place is definitely worth a try .
1	service was wonderful .
1	a lovely , charming breakfast place !
1	will be back !
1	the food is really good , better than home cooked !
1	decent pricing .
1	love everything about it .
1	everything else was good .
1	fantastic little breakfast place !
1	the basket of muffins were delicious as was the pecan cinnamon roll !
1	i really liked this place .
1	the people are very friendly and helpful .
1	this place was so cute !
1	the waitresses were super friendly and the food was amazing !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	the staff was very friendly and helpful .
1	if you are looking for pancakes , this is the place to be !
1	it was a special meal , a unique place and the food was wonderful .
1	i highly recommend kiss the cook for a special breakfast spot .
1	amazing words do n't describe the food !
1	the restaurant is quaint and unique .
1	i recommend checking it out , it 's well worth it .
1	this place has excellent breakfast .
1	pecan cinnamon roll was amazing & there bacon was great according to my husband .
1	great ambiance with the antiques everywhere .
1	i love this place !
1	just awesome !
1	cute atmosphere and great service .
1	muffins were delicious .
1	thank you !
1	just the best place .
1	the menu is small but most of the things are good .
1	great little place to dine at .
1	the gravy is amazing !
1	great atmosphere , service was awesome , and food was exactly what i wanted .
1	loved this place .
1	had an excellent scramble .
1	potatoes were fantastic .
1	best breakfast i have had in years .
1	great prices for what you 're getting .
1	very satisfied with this place !
1	best pancakes ever !
1	loved this place !
1	i especially love their cajun style benedict .
1	big servings and good food .
1	servers are friendly .
1	i went here a couple days ago for breakfast .
1	there coffee was french vanilla and delicious !
1	the best breakfast in az and do n't forget the bakers basket .
1	fun little restaurant to go to .
1	there was a line , but the wait was worth it .
1	got my food quick and had excellent service by susan .
1	great price .
1	will definitely be back .
1	all said great place for breakfast .
1	this place is wonderful .
1	those warm mini muffins are delicious !
1	love this glendale breakfast spot !
1	everything i ordered was very tasty .
1	great `` neighborhood feel '' to this place !
1	muffin basket is excellent .
1	i will come back !
1	wonderful and inexpensive car wash !
1	park right at the front door , walk in and shop for hours .
1	a great place to buy gifts or something for yourself .
1	they have some great stuff here .
1	a nice beginners course .
1	overall , this is my go to executive course for price and fun .
1	this place really is a gem .
1	excellent course .
1	everyone is friendly and the pro shop is well stocked .
1	the staff are friendly and helpful .
1	this a fun experience for all skill levels .
1	their chips and salsa are outstanding .
1	it is all very flavorful and i would recommend it .
1	yummy authentic mexican food with recipes that have been in the family for generations .
1	this place serves up authentic mexican food with no frills .
1	the iced tea was perfectly brewed and i 'm a tea snob !
1	it 's a landmark for a reason .
1	its just the best mexican food that i had in my life !
1	to my surprise it turned out great !
1	the food was delicious .
1	i thought it was very family friendly .
1	i love the salsa and the food is amazing .
1	food was excellent , especially the mole sauce !
1	this is my favorite place in the valley to eat mexican food period .
1	the atmosphere was great and the service was extremely friendly .
1	love it .
1	my hubby and i loved this place !
1	the price was excellent also .
1	so cute , in the heart of old town glendale .
1	the mild salsa is my absolute favorite .
1	mexican pizza is pretty good too !
1	one meal is always two for me , when i take home my leftovers .
1	the salsas are all good .
1	the food is amazing here .
1	i know mexican food and this is the best of the best .
1	amazing enchiladas !
1	the green chili burrito is amazing and the cheese crisps are perfect .
1	always a great place to come food and atmosphere .
1	everything i have ever ordered was great .
1	menudo , tacos , tamales n you name it !
1	best home mexican around .
1	great service and food , really worth the stop .
1	delicious .
1	their salsa is always a treat .
1	by far the best mexican food in the state .
1	fresh homemade meal .
1	we had so many great family memories there too .
1	thanks john and crew .
1	rob 's star pops !
1	vinny sky has moved to a new location and the blue dragon is closed .
1	nice guys .
1	best local breakfast place i 've found in glendale !
1	i eat lunch here quite a bit .
1	enjoyed their chicken fried steak & corn beef hash .
1	nothing fancy , just really good food at a reasonable price .
1	breakfast is great .
1	amazing friendly staff , my spanish omelette was awesome !
1	they really do have amazing pancakes !
1	breakfast is served hot , fresh , and fast .
1	the decor is dated , but the restaurant is very clean .
1	service is stellar , friendly and fun .
1	this place is a must if your in the phx area .
1	great staff and great food .
1	i always get the spanish omelette which i really love .
1	( and the prices are exceedingly reasonable ! )
1	great place to have good home cooked food and reasonably priced meals .
1	so i thought that was pretty nice of them .
1	amazing , professional , quick service .
1	he went above and beyond and i was so grateful !
1	the driver was friendly and full of jokes .
1	great selection of stuff that you would never want to receive as a gift .
1	well the trays turned out perfect .
1	had a great time , very family friendly !
1	it 's a great family tradition for us .
1	plenty of things to do for about half the day .
1	we have gone here for _num_ years now for pumpkin picking and love it .
1	i really enjoy stopping by for some fresh produce .
1	we had a great time here !
1	place is awesome , staff is friendly , lots of stuff to play with !
1	she is full of energy and is awesome with the kids .
1	the help is very fun and hands on knowledgeable .
1	everyone in the group of _num_ were happy .
1	highly recommended .
1	the services is nice and actually cheaper than ordering pizza .
1	idk i enjoy a chinese delivery services any day or time .
1	first time eating here , i ordered delivery .
1	everything was great .
1	portion size was excellent .
1	thank you for your service .
1	very happy love my hair !
1	always great every time i go .
1	this is a nice chill bar .
1	nothing fancy but the staff is super cool and the people are friendly .
1	get outta town !
1	they are absolutely the best !
1	mike and his team do excellent work and care about their customers .
1	right next door to the arena .
1	i am a huge hockey fan from michigan .
1	like others have said though ... .
1	very nice stadium to watch a hockey game !
1	i also have to compliment the fans as well .
1	it 's intimate , the sound is good , and parking outside is free .
1	i am amazed each event has a unique theme and a variety of dinners .
1	great place for kids .
1	pretty decent place to watch a hockey came .
1	i love this venue for just about any event .
1	they practically make those games into dance parties .
1	this arena is the perfect size for concerts and hockey games .
1	pretty cool layout of the arena .
1	great arena though .
1	no matter what type of event , this is a great venue .
1	we went to a coyote 's game tonight and i was pleasantly surprised .
1	the arena is very well kept and felt very clean .
1	hockey game very cool .
1	we stayed at a nearby hotel , loved that we could walk over .
1	both times i had a great experience .
1	good times .
1	love this stadium !
1	seating is great , no matter where you are .
1	nice staff .
1	first off , free parking is always great .
1	great place to watch a game .
1	the arena was very nice , and our seats were great .
1	this arena really can accommodate capacity of people here .
1	that is true , but the location is just fine .
1	this very good arena for numerous reasons .
1	i enjoyed my pedicure as did my mom .
1	but the _num_ min wait was worth it .
1	we did a walk in and they took us back right away .
1	friendly staff and great customer service .
1	can always count on these guys to make it happen .
1	good work !
1	this ups is very helpful and personable .
1	i love del taco !
1	their food is always fresh .
1	these guys are amazing .
1	the color selection is really good .
1	$ _num_ bucks for a pedicure is pretty darn good imo .
1	give it a shot if you are in the area .
1	all of the staff are nice and friendly .
1	my nails looked great and everyone was very nice .
1	they got me in right away .
1	hot stone massage when you purchase a pedicure service !
1	they also have a drying area for your feet .
1	we try to take care very good every customer coming here .
1	clean , friendly .
1	the staff was also very friendly .
1	friendly service today maybe it was because max is so friendly .
1	the staff is very friendly and helpful .
1	the interior is new and there is lots of comfortable seating all over .
1	i love panda express especially this one the girls are always nice and polite .
1	she always does a good job and is very friendly .
1	place is very clean , and kept up .
1	crew was very nice .
1	pretty good .
1	i 've been to this location several times and always receive very good service .
1	the food was hot and fresh .
1	great service i will continue to take my car here .
1	the customer service is phenomenal and they are always honest .
1	really good barbers that take their time give you exactly what you ask for .
1	`` hands down the best experience of my life .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	i love this starbucks .
1	friendly staff , had a great time .
1	employees always friendly and happy !
1	happy servers - very patient with our large order .
1	amazing and prompt service !
1	great food , fast and nice service .
1	two bucks for delivery is reasonable , too .
1	the chicken was also very good .
1	we have loved living here !
1	i had a great experience .
1	thank you !
1	they 've been always so great with the kids on a tour .
1	always helpful .
1	great staff .
1	love it that the staff is always friendly and knowledge .
1	i would highly recommend this company !
1	excellant job !
1	check it out , ann and kathy are amazing .
1	i love the new place.
1	theresa does a great job of my nails every time i go .
1	the place is alway clean and organized .
1	the church itself is huge and modern !
1	tasty ny style pizza and we also got some wings to split .
1	and the people are so friendly and great to be around .
1	the slices could have been slightly hotter but they were delicious !
1	one of my favorite places to eat .
1	i love their pizza and wings .
1	friendly service .
1	the crust is light and thin , flavors are terrific .
1	good good for great prices .
1	i tried the eggplant sub and it was fantastic !
1	the guys who run this place are also really nice and friendly .
1	the price of the sandwiches was very good also .
1	i recommend this place .
1	i keep reviewing this place and the review keeps being taken down .
1	this is one of my family 's favorite places for pizza .
1	this little place has some of the best pizza i 've ever had .
1	but it taste very good !
1	very good portions for the price .
1	i do believe now that ono is superior to l & l .
1	absolute goodness !
1	price .
1	i loved the hawaiian bbq beef .
1	for the price it is a meal well worth it .
1	always good !
1	we purchased the family meal and it was a great value .
1	this place reminds me of a laid back day in hawaii .
1	love the food and the friendly staff .
1	fast , friendly and very good !
1	i also enjoy the hawaiian fruit drinks in a can .
1	with the fresh mix salad on the side .
1	the bbq chicken was the best i 've had in a while .
1	it was really good !
1	really good food !
1	love there food !
1	i am happy to say that ono 's lives up to my expectations .
1	the macaroni salad is great , my daughter loves it .
1	employees are nice and helpful .
1	sales were great and the extra % off coupons help too .
1	so far the cashiers that i have had were really nice .
1	i love kohl 's - great selection and lots of sales .
1	wonderful experience and amazing staff !
1	this is what you call good customer service .
1	the selection at this store is much better than at the smaller locations .
1	super nice .
1	happy to stay after closing to finish the job .
1	i 'm impressed that a verizon store could have staff this good .
1	excellent service .
1	the parking is kinda horrid but the service is great .
1	other than that , i love this place and would recommend it to all .
1	super clean , friendly and affordable !
1	when we drop them off , she takes good care of them .
1	they always come back happy , nicely groomed , smelling good , and clean !
1	every time we take him in he comes out looking handsome .
1	i love that they keep his history on file .
1	the wings were very tasty too !
1	they just got a new owner .
1	the place is clean and the staff are friendly .
1	my nails are beautiful .
1	i love this place .
1	keep up the good job.
1	i love lily she does such an awesome job !
1	staffs are awesome there !
1	i was seen right away asked to pick color .
1	they did a good job .
1	i am really happy with the service i received here !
1	loved this place .
1	she is fast !
1	very efficient and precise , she did an amazing job on my nails !
1	i definitely recommend going to her and overall t pro .
1	they look wonderful !
1	they are very friendly , reasonably priced and quick service .
1	great selection of eyewear too !
1	they are very professional , and helpful .
1	great selection of eye wear too !
1	great eye specialists .
1	i was very impressed with the professionalism of this office .
1	dr baker was very good and explained everything .
1	super experience !
1	but more important , very friendly staff and reasonable prices .
1	i love the shrimp chow fun and the salt and pepper wings .
1	the chef is a sweet older guy with a friendly smile .
1	the servers are also easy to talk to .
1	it melts in your mouth and so much flavor !
1	great staff that did a great job on my hockey jersey .
1	i have been more than pleased with all the office staff .
1	the veterinarians are very knowledgable and compassionate .
1	always polite and get the order correct which is unusual for taco bell .
1	this is a good location !
1	great tire shop .
1	thank you guys !
1	amazing customer service , the employees there are all very polite and very professional !
1	especially the manager , mike !
1	wow the customer service mike is awesome !
1	definitely recommend this place !
1	good people !
1	gives you the best advice anyone could possibly get .
1	price was very reasonable .
1	i had a nail in my tire and it was free to repair .
1	this is an incredible place with elite customer service and awesome prices .
1	i am now a customer for life , this place is amazing !
1	class _num_ star service .
1	i would rate this shop above all others in the phoenix area .
1	they remember names , quick , and takes time to help you .
1	always a good place to grab just what you need .
1	the people are very nice too .
1	car is good as new .
1	great quick service .
1	and the convenience store area actually remains clean and stocked up .
1	i love this gas station !
1	our family loves her clinic .
1	i recommend her clinic to everyone !
1	the staff if great , and the office is really clean and inviting .
1	would definitely recommend aesthetic dental health to everyone .
1	very friendly staff and knowledgable .
1	her staff is wonderful as well .
1	had a great time hanging out with everyone !
1	dr gonzalez is amazing !
1	she is very honest with me and i appreciate that .
1	dr. gonzalez and her staff make me feel so comfortable every visit .
1	she was able to work with me and make me less anxious and comfortable .
1	i would recommend to anyone who wants a friendly , loving , caring person .
1	i love the entire staff .
1	highly recommended .
1	hands down best cleaning experience i 've ever had .
1	big fan of aesthetic dental !
1	very gentle cleanings .
1	amazing place !
1	super nice staff and the dentist is great .
1	overall good experience just wish the vendors were n't so damn pushy .
1	staff is pretty friendly .
1	the gm eddie is great and so are the employees that work with him .
1	it was worth it .
1	the human touch drying the car was nice .
1	i definitely recommend it .
1	able to answer car care questions and are very pleasant .
1	great experience every time !
1	i work close to here so i 'm here pretty often .
1	overall this store rocks !
1	friendly baristas and cashier .
1	this is one of my favorite starbucks .
1	the staff is friendly and helpful when you have questions .
1	very friendly !
1	i must say that i have found it !
1	service was excellent .
1	we are excited to go back .
1	def good portions and flavors .
1	omg this place is wonderful have great food and they have great customer service .
1	cool little spot , kinda hood but i like the feel of home .
1	after a long boring day i go to panda !
1	the orange chicken was perfect nice and fresh not too spicy .
1	oh and the staff was great .
1	friendly fast and filled with laughter and smiles .
1	honey who works here is amazing !
1	they welcome you when you walk in .
1	food was fresh & taste great .
1	awesome !
1	best shopping experience that i 've had in a good long time .
1	wow , i would strongly recommend visiting this store .
1	everybody is so nice & helpful .
1	their return policy is the best ever !
1	competitive pricing and great customer service will keep me coming back .
1	the chips were also done to perfection .
1	the guacamole was fresh and delicous .
1	delicious !
1	one of my favorite places to come .
1	i eat the entire plate every time .
1	a very casual place to eat .
1	the service is always quick .
1	excellent green chili with meat chunks .
1	classic neighborhood mexican cafe .
1	i want to try something new , but the carnitas is so damn good .
1	their chimichanga burrito is my favorite ... .
1	chips and salsa were tasty .
1	best ever !
1	we loved the warm homemade chips , tasty salsa and the crispy tacos .
1	mucho gracias for a great dinner !
1	the green chili is very good .
1	ceviche is perfect , carnitas plate is best ever .
1	the restaurant was clean and our waitress was very pleasant .
1	even my baby loved it !
1	nice burnt chili taco sauce .
1	very authentic .
1	crepes , just so good .
1	fast , great customer service !
1	they 're always busy , but they always treat us like family .
1	it really helped me warm up .
1	great service .
1	found my wedding dress here .
1	i would recommended this place to anyone .
1	the moment i went in there they treated me amazing .
1	compared to other hd stores , this one is about par with the others .
1	the gentleman chuck answered my questions in a timely manner .
1	she is why we continue to shop hd and will continue to shop there .
1	clean , fast and friendly service .
1	jay is nice and explains everything very clear .
1	the cars are always clean from here and brand new !
1	i rented a truck one time to move and it went well .
1	i would recommend them and use them again !
1	got a nice clean car .
1	friendly service .
1	great food !
1	wow !
1	also very clean on the inside .
1	absolutely fantastic !
1	we definitely will come back for another meal .
1	i highly recommend it to anyone in the area .
1	laid back mexican restaurant , good service , quality food and excellent beverages .
1	their salsa is hot , but oh so tasty .
1	the margaritas were excellent .
1	i would recommend everyone to go .
1	the family is always present and are sweet as can be .
1	excellent carnitas .
1	cool place w/ awesome mexican food !
1	service : had a very sweet waitress , knew the menu very well .
1	one of my favs !
1	best mexican food i 've had in a long time !
1	i will be visiting this location again in the future !
1	anyway i never ordered machaca and eggs normally but this is the best .
1	it 's delicious and they serve it for lunch as well if you ask .
1	waiter was pleasant & professional .
1	will likely return , the food was that good though .
1	love this place , it 's a little pricey but it 's worth it .
1	always good food- chorizo , fajitas , burritos ... always good .
1	we return a few times a month .
1	it 's fantastic , and has held up for all that time .
1	we ordered beef chimichangas with rice and beans .
1	awesome food with great prices .
1	i would certainly recommend this place and will be coming back .
1	great food , loved both the theresa 's special and the grand pa taco .
1	friendly service .
1	great service and great work .
1	great recommendation .
1	will absolutely bring my car there if needed .
1	i sincerely appreciate the honesty of a company that works on cars .
1	recommended by many insurance companies too .
1	these guys were great !
1	very professional .
1	so it 's definitely an older building but it is very well kept .
1	very impressed and will go back again soon !
1	love bowling there !
1	great staff and bowling pro shop .
1	that makes me happy .
1	this dry cleaner is awesome !
1	if it goes as smoothly as the drop off , i 'm hooked !
1	great rush job .
1	the folks there are extremely nice and do a great job .
1	highly recommend .
1	service is quick and always done correctly !
1	very friendly and price is competitive with others in the area .
1	great job !
1	food was good and the service was great as always .
1	there 's a great drink selection here too .
1	loyal and honest mechanic .
1	excellent service from the young lady working tonight !
1	thanks sonic !
1	my favorite option at whataburger is the double green chili burger .
1	delicious , especially if you are looking for a old fashion hamburger joint .
1	fries were fresh and came with a big ass drink .
1	oh did i mention the food there is great too !
1	tastes like home made !
1	my favorite is the jalapeno burger .
1	the service at whataburger is always fast , friendly , and accurate .
1	the food here is usually prepared very well .
1	two words ... sea dog !
1	you got yourself a great sea dog !
1	so long pete 's ... .
1	definitely a must .
1	the fried shrimp is not your typical but is sure is delicious .
1	they have the best fried zucchini mushrooms and onion rings you will ever have !
1	he is an great doctor .
1	i am so thankful for the great service .
1	love the chairs they get u relaxed and ready for easy adjustments .
1	she rocks !
1	cool shop , cool peeps , cool transaction .
1	the first time i stepped foot in bright ideas , was on a whim .
1	it is more beautiful than i could ever have dreamed of .
1	always great work coming out of here .
1	the employee was so so nice .
1	when it was my turn , he was so friendly and chatting .
1	love it ... fast , done , and right !
1	i 've gotten to know most of the employees and they 're good people .
1	the best turf driving range around !
1	they have great prices too .
1	what a great store !
1	this was a good find , will definitely be back .
1	the staff was also pretty nice and helpful .
1	and overall , the price was decent .
1	the staff was very nice , great customer service .
1	fun times .
1	awesome place .
1	open late and has misters in summer making it perfect during the hot months .
1	neat ball delivery system tees it up for you !
1	i thought they spent the right amount of time to do a thorough job .
1	car smells soo good .
1	great service , they take care of me every time i come in here .
1	always delicious and always there when i need it .
1	fresh and tasty .
1	the place is very clean and bright .
1	good little places to get away from the standard fast food .
1	staff always friendly and know who you are .
1	i would highly recommend taking your car here .
1	i definitely would recommend this place !
1	very friendly staff .
1	a helpful team .
1	they are so cool you just want to hang around the desk with them !
1	you got to appreciate the kind of ethic and integrity .
1	love these guys : ) always take care of my `` vintage '' car .
1	but will help you repair your auto correctly .
1	great service .
1	just moved here and have found our cars new automotive shop .
1	super nice people good price and excellent service .
1	they were very friendly and got me in right away .
1	they stand by their work and will do right by you .
1	alterations are good as well .
1	the onsite seamstress is very professional .
1	enjoy !
1	friendly , fast and great manicures .
1	they did a fantastic job on my daughter 's and my manicures and pedicures .
1	well , i 'm very happy that nikki did my nails !
1	she 's thorough and does a clean job .
1	salon is clean and well maintained .
1	best mani pedi in town !
1	great decor , easy location and ample parking .
1	i was surprised how well .
1	make an appointment and see how much better you feel !
1	their massage therapist also delivers an excellent massage which is a bonus !
1	very friendly and warm .
1	call them , you will feel better !
1	it 's nice that they also offer waxing too .
1	just discovered this nail place and i like it !
1	i keep coming back because it 's clean and they are consistent and fair .
1	this husband and wife team really care about their customers and it shows .
1	reasonable price will be back for sure .
1	i felt very safe .
1	nice view .
1	great tacos .
1	not authentic , but unique .
1	great bunch of people ... i 've gone there for years .
1	send my friends and clients there all the time .
1	great photo areas , and beautiful garden area !
1	hilarious signs and nice play areas .
1	some of the best views from a golf course in the valley !
1	had a great round here .
1	an incredibly comfortable and welcoming office .
1	they do right by you and are more looking to help than charge .
1	they care about you as a person and a patient .
1	we loved the dining experience .
1	i ate lunch here today and it was really fantastic !
1	the view is fantastic and the food even better .
1	everything was delicious !
1	i love this place .
1	it 's pricey , but the food is spectacular .
1	great atmosphere , patio and service .
1	a lovely place for an outdoor lunch .
1	gorgeous setting and wonderful food !
1	the accompanying salsas were also delicious .
1	i ordered a burger and it was incredible .
1	and atmosphere is peaceful and sooooo southwest ... .
1	lots of options , with natural meats and plenty for the vegetarian as well .
1	highly recommended .
1	we sat inside , but the outdoor seating area looked great !
1	we went here for lunch today and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves .
1	the service is good .
1	good selection on the menu including steaks , chicken and fish .
1	the service was really good , and the food is great .
1	the atmosphere is casual to fine dining , an in between .
1	one of the best restaurants in the valley .
1	it 's also a great place for lunch and dinner .
1	loved the dcor and the food was fantastic .
1	service was excellent .
1	the food is consistently impressive .
1	and a great place to take out of town guests .
1	consistent year around which is tough in a seasonal resort town .
1	great staff .
1	it was a very good experience .
1	my wife really enjoyed her pasta .
1	dinner was a great experience for all four of us .
1	both the food and the service were excellent .
1	everyone said their meals were perfect .
1	great place for lunch but beware it is very highly priced .
1	so great .
1	what a great dining experience !
1	the vegetable nosh was fantastic !
1	the atmosphere was great !
1	dessert , chocolate cake , was super as well !
1	highly recommend this spot .
1	it was a fantastic lunch and we will be coming here again soon !
1	the food was off the chart excellent .
1	i look forward to dining here again .
1	i was happy to pay the bill .
1	blt and a sam adams on a beautiful day .
1	sat outside looking over the golf course and it was absolutely wonderful !
1	great setting .
1	all the staff was delightful .
1	being on a golf course , the views are really nice too .
1	excellent service every time i have been here .
1	enjoy !
1	a good selection of food and/or salads .
1	the food is always tasty and wait staff are pleasant .
1	a return spot from now on , and will bring guests .
1	food is always prepared well , atmosphere is nice and service excellent .
1	john and cody do a really nice job .
1	pricey , but worth it .
1	perfect !
1	my friend enjoyed their tacos .
1	love this place .
1	just what we needed and fun too .
1	will go back !
1	absolutely ideal .
1	the corn chowder is a must !
1	instead he thought the crab cakes were the best he has ever had .
1	the cobb salad was fresh & light .
1	the interior has a very authentic feel .
1	food is always good .
1	had the blt with sweet potato tots .
1	great view of the golf course .
1	food , drinks , and ambiance , all excellent .
1	this a great lunch sized portion and very light .
1	delicious food , great outdoor patio .
1	great views , great food .
1	love it .
1	enjoy bringing out if town guests here or going here for special occasions .
1	one of my wife and i 's favorite restaurant in town .
1	highly recommend it .
1	amazing ... a hidden arizona gem .
1	this restaurant is tucked on a beautiful golf course .
1	great place to kick back and relax .
1	good service , good eats .
1	the food was beautifully presented and really delicious !
1	we all loved the food .
1	i love it and always stop by for @ $ $ kicking hot stuff !
1	very cool , unique and some hard to find stuff .
1	on top of that , the prices are incredibly reasonable .
1	lots of great finds here .
1	my favorite !
1	a lot of the metal stuff is actually made there .
1	love this spot .
1	i was also surprised to see just how reasonably priced everything was .
1	every one here was super friendly and helpful .
1	your out-of-town visitors will also love it !
1	great place to peruse .
1	fun mix of unique clothing .
1	and have had an enjoyable time when those were my expectations .
1	so , all i can comment on is the food quality .
1	i love it !
1	if you do not live close it is worth the trip .
1	best damn chicken sandwich in the state .
1	excellent barbecue .
1	the meat has a smoky flavor .
1	i 'm a fan for sure .
1	fun place with live band .
1	food is excellent especially the steaks .
1	it is a ton of fun !
1	one of my favorites is the cajun prime rib .
1	this place is good for breakfast , lunch , happy hour and dinner .
1	i love this place .
1	the service while slow is always good .
1	the patio is a great place to hang out and drink or eat !
1	what a neat place to go .
1	harold 's has a large dining area and a wonderfully large menu .
1	harold 's is a fun country bar way out in cave creek .
1	the servers here are cute and friendly .
1	great taco salad and bbq sandwich .
1	great place for sunday brunch .
1	blood mary 's very good .
1	this place was packed .
1	the food is always great and our new waitress did a great job !
1	we come here several times a year and it is always worth the drive .
1	morgan was great best breakfast in cave creek .
1	the atmosphere is old west ... with a side of pittsburgh steelers !
1	this place is absolutely amazing .
1	great food , great service and friendly people .
1	i have always received great service and the food is always great as well .
1	i have n't had any bad food and have enjoyed my experience .
1	mindy harris was amazing friday night .
1	love this place !
1	outstanding food and service .
1	hats off to danny , he runs a great place .
1	steak salad came with fries on top .
1	best ribs so far on this usa trip .
1	and we had more fun than i can even explain in a post !
1	tried this place last night and the food was good .
1	i 'm pretty sure this was the best breakfast i 've ever had !
1	happy labor day to me !
1	great place to sit outside and beautiful views !
1	this place rocks for beer .
1	definitely recommend checking out harold 's while in cave creek .
1	very nice and accommodating .
1	she is extremely professional .
1	we also enjoyed the band .
1	food and happy hour were great .
1	friday nights are real fun .
1	i 'm a bit partial to good ol ' harold 's .
1	huge menu so explore the options .
1	i will be back for sure !
1	tony was a great waiter ... he really was .
1	he 's a rare gem .
1	great first time experience !
1	angela did amazing especially for such a large group party .
1	everyone enjoyed their food .
1	my margarita was delicious .
1	i got the steak sandwich .
1	the bbq is always great .
1	excellent .
1	amazing !
1	love love love this place !
1	she is a blast and her drinks are always on point !
1	food is fantastic , music is great and service is on point .
1	highly recommended !
1	the food is excellent for the money .
1	the service is fast and the bar service fantastic .
1	thank you lisa for providing us a great experience .
1	what an amazing place .
1	our server , thomas e. took great care of us .
1	sure the food was wonderful , but the service was amazing !
1	thanks thomas e. when we go back , thomas is our man !
1	the expansive menu is great and consistent , the service is always good .
1	always a fun time .
1	big place and you always get your drinks pretty quick .
1	great food .
1	it is our go-to place and never disappoints .
1	great atmosphere !
1	great service !
1	it comes with a homemade spicy hollandaise .
1	friendly staff tv 's everywhere .
1	but the food is sooo damn good i have to come back .
1	the bikers added to the experience .
1	if you are ready for laughs and a good time , come on out .
1	great addition to the staff .
1	the best fish and chips in town !
1	great family place to bring the kids .
1	russ was a great trail guide !
1	i love this library .
1	gritty is probably the best word to describe this place .
1	no matter what you order all of it is good .
1	simple and rustic .
1	great breakfast !
1	it reminds you we live in the old wild west .
1	the food was good , service was good , homemade tea tasted good .
1	would definitely recommend to anyone in the area .
1	friendly service and prices are very reasonable .
1	pancakes are delicious !
1	the waitstaff is very friendly and took great care of us .
1	they chatted with everyone who came in and made them feel at home .
1	i had good old ham and eggs .
1	the food can be a bit greasy but it 's always great .
1	i had the pumpkin blizzard which was extremely delightful .
1	it 's family friendly , fun , clean , and delicious .
1	it 's huge and hard to finish .
1	it 's a true small town store .
1	the best chicken enchiladas i have had .
1	this is a great mom and pop shop with great food .
1	excellent food.
1	the food here is simply amazing .
1	unique and eclectic atmosphere .
1	excellent mexican food with lots of flavor .
1	i love this place .
1	i purchased merchandise as well .
1	the best !
1	the food here is so good !
1	if you want an authentic arizona food this is the place !
1	always a fun place to visit .
1	very rustic , very unique , very friendly .
1	the service was great and totally appreciate the cooks for the fresh ingredients .
1	it is in the back of a gift shop .
1	best damn chimichangas north of the border and in all of phoenix metropolitan phoenix .
1	this is a must visit place !
1	perfect and special !
1	the food is superb and the filet mignon was done perfectly .
1	the dessert , champagne , and the french flair to everything are memorable indeed .
1	in addition , the owner stopped by to welcome our group each visit .
1	went there on our anniversary and was delighted .
1	it 's a winner !
1	it was great !
1	my family and i have been going here for years and just love it !
1	my husband and i came here for my birthday and had a wonderful dinner .
1	both were wonderful !
1	wonderful .
1	my salmon ( served grilled or poached ) i chose poached was terrific .
1	done spot on .
1	the champagne by the glass is decent too .
1	best place i 've eaten so far .
1	good customer service .
1	they keep you informed !
1	both came out with great results .
1	thank you so much for your compassion and professionalism .
1	truly as good as it gets !
1	this is an amazing clinic !
1	we love her and so do our animals .
1	best place for your furry loved ones .
1	great haircut and great conversation .
1	great haircut !
1	the barbers are really friendly .
1	best barber shop .
1	patty and the gang really give you five star service .
1	loved it !
1	the horses were well trained and the view was amazing !
1	my guide ian was so professional and interesting .
1	top notch service .
1	its well worth the cost .
1	great group of guys very knowledgeable and friendly .
1	you get great prices and thorough service .
1	they ride and always seem to be having fun !
1	highly recommended !
1	i 've found my new shop !
1	great place for anyone who is interested in guitars !
1	my wife loves the omelet 's because they have lots of fresh veggies .
1	they have a great selection of breakfast overall .
1	all around a entertaining and enjoyable experience .
1	our server was energetic , happy , hilarious and attentive .
1	how cute is this place ?
1	great menu and very reasonably priced .
1	the pancakes are sooooooo good !
1	the customer service was outstanding !
1	good breakfast place in cave creek .
1	good portions .
1	excellent pancakes .
1	wonderful service and the perfect cave creek experience .
1	love this place .
1	come here once in a while for breakfast and we all love it .
1	the german pancake is delicious !
1	the food and service was great .
1	the waitress was very sweet .
1	nothing fancy but all the traditional stuff done right !
1	overall it was good .
1	the owner , oak , is very kind and accommodating .
1	again , good food , great service !
1	staff was nice though .
1	i just eat it .
1	service was great !
1	the food is very authentic , homemade italian food .
1	absolutely fabulous food and staff .
1	the decor was casual and a bit quirky .
1	first time ... well see how it is .
1	this was a very nice restaurant .
1	alberto greeted us and was so very sweet !
1	alberto is one of the best i have ever experience !
1	the food , the service and special attention are all part of this experience .
1	purely authentic italian restaurant .
1	exceptional food !
1	but it 's super cozy and authentic inside .
1	but i 'm totally hooked on alberto !
1	: ) very enjoyable meal .
1	amazing food and perfect service !
1	great experience , we will be back .
1	i absolutely love this place .
1	it 's such a wonderful place to share a meal with friends and family .
1	went there five weeks ago , been there two times since .
1	i absolutely love this place .
1	the pizza is amazing .
1	you 'll be hooked .
1	will definitely be back again .
1	we also ordered a special , italian sausage and pasta .
1	service was incredible !
1	he made us feel very appreciated .
1	i was surprised to find such authentic italian food in this area .
1	we loved the cozy atmosphere and friendly staff .
1	highly recommended .
1	the traditional atmosphere is perfect .
1	thank you alberto for your passion and for your wonderful restaurant !
1	it is our new favorite place .
1	the margarita is excellent .
1	this is a great place .
1	love the atmosphere .
1	hope you enjoy !
1	food is excellent !
1	great atmosphere and staff is super nice .
1	loved our experience !
1	amazing homemade dishes , terrific wine list and desserts to die for !
1	everything country and such neat finds .
1	the staff was very friendly and welcoming .
1	i love this store .
1	we will return and shop again .
1	i highly recommend you check them out if you 're looking for something different .
1	take your time in this great store .
1	yes , please !
1	everything was in great condition .
1	they always have it together and they understand customer service .
1	it 's always been a delightful experience when getting paired up at legend trail .
1	i will forever be grateful for putting smiles on our faces .
1	the guys that run extreme arizona are awesome !
1	they have done this twice with a smile and a great attitude !
1	well ... .
1	its real neat and unusual .
1	wow !
1	this is one place you have to visit !
1	a unique shopping experience !
1	i thought they offered a great price for the materials and work involved .
1	this was an interesting place with a lot of western and southwestern items .
1	the horses were great .
1	they loved the stories the guide told preston .
1	anyhow great service and fun !
1	excellent , excellent place to take a trail ride .
1	it was a great place to start a day .
1	the landscape is beautiful desert themed .
1	wonderful and kind people that work on this ranch .
1	the staff was very friendly !
1	the trail was safe and fun .
1	we loved this ranch !
1	he took his time until we got comfortable with the horses .
1	great rides , great people .
1	best horseback riding in the southwest !
1	thank you for the wonderful christmas ride !
1	we found this place on groupon and sure glad we did !
1	it was a great time !
1	my sister and i really enjoyed the private ride .
1	diane is awesome and i would highly recommend riding with her !
1	the staff helping us on the horses and our guide were amazing .
1	highly recommend this stable , you wo n't be disappointed .
1	horses were very well behaved .
1	this is their kind of place !
1	do yourself a favor though , eat before you go .
1	buffalo chip is awesome .
1	it 's very family friendly .
1	the buffalo chip is the real deal and i love it !
1	do it , you know you want to .
1	the professional live bull riding makes it worth the drive , trust me .
1	quite the cultural experience for city folk like me .
1	enjoy the bull riding up close and personal !
1	great customer service and very personable .
1	great place to go with a group of friends .
1	very crowded but kid friendly and inviting .
1	friendly staff .
1	want the wild west saloon experience ?
1	all you can eat bbq on saturday and sunday during the day .
1	all i can say is wow .
1	fun saloon with a ton of character !
1	the genuine western ambience is outstanding .
1	we always take visitors from europe here and they all love it !
1	waitress was so cute and helpful .
1	the crowd was fun .
1	our friend rode a bull for the first time ever so that was exciting .
1	hanging around the fire pits is always good time .
1	this is a really unique fun place to go !
1	the most authentic south west place you 'll find in the phoenix area !
1	i wish we found this place sooner in our trip !
1	great local fare .
1	i had the fish tacos , a surprising tasty meal for a cowboy saloon .
1	service is tremendous could n't ask for a more enjoyable bartender .
1	bill is the best .
1	fits right into the theme of that entire stretch on cave creek road .
1	strong drinks .
1	great live music .
1	a lot of fun !
1	our event was for _num_ people and everyone loved it .
1	honey butter biscuits , omg !
1	after our event , we took it inside and danced until the bar closed .
1	that was a lot of fun .
1	but okay .
1	so much fun .
1	wednesday and friday nights are the best for the bull riding .
1	this place is so fun !
1	check it out !
1	the pulled pork & brisket are awesome !
1	april was super nice and bob the pit master is the greatest .
1	fun place , friendly people as well .
1	music was terrific .
1	atmosphere was family friendly and the bull riding was very entertaining .
1	the brisket is tender and delicious and the beers are nice and cold !
1	friendly bartender and server .
1	, was so friendly and personable .
1	one particular time the service was absolutely amazing .
1	the chip is my absolute favorite hometown bar .
1	great food , atmosphere , music , drinks , service and entertainment !
1	i love their bloody mary breakfast at the weekend .
1	the best fried chicken anywhere .
1	enjoy !
1	although its a bit of a tourist trap , the barbecue is delicious .
1	one of the best places for fried chicken in town !
1	it is served with their yummy french fries and their homemade slaw !
1	love the ambiance and the old western feel ... definitely worth the drive .
1	best fried chicken in town !
1	very cool place !
1	very cool place !
1	good food ( i had pork chops ) really great deserts !
1	the decor is cowboy style .
1	everyone seems pleasant .
1	the food tastes good and you walk away full .
1	the fried chicken is delicious .
1	the ribs are moist and perfect .
1	the food is good and the customer care is really top notch !
1	was exactly as we expected and the food was delicious .
1	it was a delicious adventure , we will come again !
1	best fried chicken i 've ever had !
1	the wait staff is always friendly and efficient .
1	worth the _num_ miles trek to this little place .
1	we 'll always be back !
1	yes , it 's that dang good !
1	it 's very good .
1	alcoholic drinks are a pleasurable mix too !
1	fried chicken is great and the bbq ribs are my favorite .
1	the kids had the sliders and wow !
1	my husband loved his half chicken and the fries were perfect too !
1	eddie and his team at foothills are a+ !
1	a caring staff always looking for the best home for their rescue dogs .
1	the dogs they save are super cute and good dogs .
1	thanks trendy nails !
1	best pedicure ever !
1	wonderful !
1	they are clean and very knowledgeable about nails .
1	treat us like royalty .
1	great service and the freshest of ingredients .
1	thanks !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	my rugs are clean again !
1	nice local company .
1	we have found our new carpet cleaners !
1	prompt , courteous , reasonable and a beautiful job !
1	supporting local business is the key !
1	thank you brian and thank you carefree floors !
1	they did an excellent job for a very fair price .
1	i brought my kids .
1	good drink prices .
1	fun local bar .
1	the atmosphere is nice during the day .
1	very cute decor !
1	the food is ok but i love kicking back and enjoying the tropical setting .
1	i personally recommend the wings and sliders !
1	thanks to kendra and the staff for their quick and honest service .
1	you will get quality honest work from him .
1	love this company !
1	they came out and fixed it right away .
1	i 'd highly recommend them to friends and family !
1	thanks !
1	worth any difference in cost .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	i highly recommend north valley mechanical .
1	i would use and recommend this company without hesitation .
1	good to know a honest and very knowledgeable hvac company .
1	i would recommend your company to my family and friends .
1	thank you for friendly , knowledgeable technicians !
1	happy thanksgiving !
1	thanks for never giving up .
1	i would hands down recommend this school to anyone !
1	what a great experience for us and our kids .
1	thanks for everything .
1	the staff is so friendly .
1	i love the the starbucks and clean area to hang out .
1	we love our local safeway store ; everyone is friendly and very helpful !
1	great supermarket !
1	the furniture is really nice western decor , obviously .
1	good service and good work .
1	great service , good prices .
1	greg is friendly and professional .
1	great experience !
1	great customer service !
1	it 's a great pedicure for the price .
1	excellent service .
1	you 'll definitely need an appointment .
1	this alone makes this place a little gem .
1	great place for a gel manicure !
1	appointment only so it is nice and relaxing and quiet .
1	this is my new go to nail spot in cave creek !
1	extremely pleased with both services .
1	prices are very reasonable and identical to what i pay at home in florida .
1	so sweet , professional , excellent at what they do .
1	every trip is worth it when i walk out completely satisfied .
1	my moment of heaven every few weeks .
1	i was very happy with my service here .
1	it 's my favorite place by far and the prices are great too .
1	love this location .
1	friendly staff .
1	best location !
1	great coffee , always consistent !
1	staff is very attentive and friendly .
1	always friendly staff .
1	it is always quiet .
1	this is a great local florist in carefree and in scottsdale too .
1	you really can trust them for quality and service .
1	it smells so wonderful in their shops .
1	beautiful displays !
1	they wanted to replace the flowers right away that day .
1	she loved it !
1	the service is excellent .
1	this company is absolutely amazing .
1	absolutely fabulous experience .
1	simply the best !
1	regardless , it was nice to be outdoors exploring a new area on horseback .
1	what a great tour !
1	thank you matt for all the interesting facts and the beautiful scenery !
1	it was fun fun fun !
1	some great bikes to look at if you are in to hd 's .
1	they have a great little patio , interesting servers , and live music .
1	the drinks are pretty reasonable and the crowd provides for ample people watching .
1	the burgers are great and the servers are all cute and very friendly !
1	friday nights and weekends in early summer are a blast .
1	the best people watching next to vegas .
1	the most friendly people in az hang out here .
1	all are good , but the hideaway is the best .
1	i great conversation and service .
1	we enjoyed a few brews , couple cigars and a great lunch .
1	one word ... beautiful .
1	these girls were sensational to look at and skilled at keeping the party flowing .
1	two beers and the sliders and i was happy , happy , happy .
1	the staff is awesome as well .
1	friendly people and staff .
1	will be back the next time i roll through !
1	the food is great too !
1	love it .
1	the food is hot and good.
1	friendly service .
1	the food is good and the service is friendly .
1	nice and cool too .
1	good , friendly service .
1	service is great .
1	decor is modern and sober .
1	will be going back for sure !
1	great place in the neighborhood to grab a bite and watch a game .
1	you will love it !
1	it is upscale and the prices are reasonable for the neighborhood .
1	food and service were great .
1	food is good staff is nice .
1	is often there and is super nice .
1	we always have good service .
1	service is always fantastic and super friendly , and the food never disappoints .
1	always great service .
1	great place to visit with friends over a good meal and drinks .
1	i have never felt so excited and happy to be at a restaurant .
1	very friendly atmosphere .
1	the food is delicious and it 's consistent .
1	another great meal .
1	both great .
1	we really enjoyed the food though !
1	cindy is amazing .
1	oh and have to say again how great cindy is !
1	there prices are extremely reasonable and as i stated , the service is exceptional .
1	if you are in the cave creek area definitely worth a try !
1	it seems like everyone there is family .
1	the food is just great and big portions .
1	it 's one of my favorites in the area .
1	food was good , reliable , nothing spectacular .
1	my partner loved the beer selection .
1	great local sports bar .
1	friendly service , clean , wonderful atmosphere .
1	the fish tacos were phenomenal !
1	great portion size with beans and rice on the side .
1	a good place to sit at the h bar and watch a football game .
1	i 've had their eggrolls and they are the best i 've ever eaten .
1	i also really enjoyed their buffalo wings .
1	they mix a good drink , have friendly and cute waitresses .
1	so far it 's the best pizza in the area .
1	we had a good time !
1	great atmosphere .
1	just great service , decent food , and a really nice experience .
1	take out is always easy and quick .
1	best tomato salad in the valley as well .
1	cindy was our server and she was phenomenal !
1	just had a family reunion and they were all asking about my beautiful smile .
1	i can always count on them !
1	highly recommend .
1	amazing !
1	i will be the first to recommend them to all my friends and family .
1	then to open the door to your suite , a double wow !
1	love this course .
1	very scenic layout .
1	reasonable price for resort golf .
1	i thought this was a nice store .
1	we stayed here and rented out the whole place for our wedding .
1	tom and debbie are excellent hosts and the breakfasts they provide are amazing .
1	very enjoyable and personal trail ride !
1	great for kids over _num_ .
1	everyone we encountered from check-in to ride guide was extremely friendly and helpful .
1	our horses were gentle and calm .
1	i highly recommend cave creek trail rides .
1	two thumbs up !
1	horses appear well cared for !
1	what a great group of people over at cave creek trails !
1	i just chose a hat , and loved that special touch .
1	i would highly recommend them .
1	i love this mechanic shop and have gone here forever .
1	good work .
1	honest !
1	great food , great price .
1	very good food for decent price .
1	oh yeah !
1	we were looking for a taco truck and found this funny little place .
1	excellent value for the money , and outstanding food .
1	the best part , it 's practically walking distance .
1	got ta try those tortillas !
1	it is outstanding and the prices are very reasonable .
1	the food is always amazing and had never disappointed .
1	however , the four of us all enjoyed our food .
1	the food here is really good and we 've always had great service .
1	great food and very authentic .
1	soooo great place !
1	real mexican food !
1	this place is amazing & relaxing !
1	this place is great !
1	our waiter was really nice and made sure we had everything we needed .
1	we arrived at 5:00 on a wednesday and it was packed .
1	this is the good location .
1	awesome food .
1	made me smile .
1	i finally found a restaurant i 'll go back to time and again .
1	the pitcher of margaritas hit the spot .
1	i ordered a shrimp burrito and it was outstanding !
1	the service is great too .
1	amazing !
1	i have been searching for good mexican food and i finally found it .
1	took time to answer our questions , always with a smile .
1	one of the best mexican places around .
1	but still good .
1	i will be a customer for life here !
1	wow best mexican food so far .
1	food is amazing .
1	this is our new place !
1	rio mirage , both locations , has really good mexican food .
1	i always go to this location and i love it !
1	food is always good , atmosphere is great and staff is friendly .
1	ok , midwest guys , best ever mexican .
1	authentic .
1	the flour tortillas are made on site and are amazing .
1	prices are very reasonable .
1	the food selection was excellent just like the service from our server !
1	also , patio dining is romantic if you choose outside .
1	enjoyed the chimichanga , which was with shredded beef and delicious .
1	service was great and friendly .
1	salsa and chips awesome .
1	a true gem and we are definitely coming back !
1	full of flavor and not just thrown together .
1	my absolute favorite mexican restaurant !
1	and the burrito de fajita was amazing !
1	i like their sunday brunch but i love that they have mariachi on fridays !
1	they were amazing .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	overall the experience was great !
1	the food was great , and so was my margarita .
1	it was a absolutely amazing !
1	absolutely love this restaurant .
1	the food is amazing and the staff is always so pleasant .
1	great staff always willing to help .
1	love my neighborhood walgreens !
1	great food .
1	obviously this is a family owned place and i like to support such places .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone .
1	this is a hidden gem .
1	great mexican seafood with great options .
1	best pool in town .
1	this hotel is , well it is different .
1	that cold water felt great after spending all day in the hot desert !
1	we honestly loved this motel !
1	i love this place because of the owner 's history .
1	it 's clean and unique .
1	clean affordable motel , excellent front desk service .
1	clean restrooms and cool art for sale .
1	i liked my experience here and would recommend it for a quick breakfast stop .
1	service was good .
1	nice people and clean .
1	loved this place !
1	it was n't overpowering , and was actually made for an enjoyable atmosphere .
1	i give this four stars based on my expectation .
1	greasy and delicious fried chicken and mashed potatoes .
1	good service and friendly staff .
1	they cooked my `` dinner '' selection meal at 2:30 in the afternoon .
1	`` sure we can do that ! ''
1	food was really good and hot .
1	super tasty fries came with my sandwich .
1	nice little spot !
1	overall a good little spot .
1	overall a good experience .
1	we loved the space age restaurant .
1	the restaurant was incredibly clean , and the service was lovely .
1	a mix of mexican and american fare is available .
1	also , bought a mug because duh .
1	great food , service and the bathrooms were clean .
1	very good .
1	good portions , good coffee and cute souvenirs .
1	pretty fly for a space guy .
1	the bacon was perfect and the coffee fresh .
1	staff here are a hoot .
1	new always feels better .
1	it was actually good.
1	employee 's are always nice and happy to see you .
1	tried some ribs - and i agree with the other reviewers : outstanding !
1	never had anything exceptional .
1	the food was delicious .
1	great breakfast burritos , great lunch menu , great prices .
1	love the food and the salsa rocks !
1	the food has homemade flair and is simply great .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	very nice staff .
1	good mexican places almost always have good chips and salsa .
1	a real treat , compared to the many other sub-par restaurant options nearby .
1	very fair prices .
1	good fresh food .
1	the chicken used was very good .
1	agree chips warm and fresh .
1	the restaurant was cozy and clean .
1	i recommend this place !
1	the food was fresh , authentic and very affordable .
1	highly recommended !
1	salsa pretty good !
1	highly recommended .
1	i got a chimichanga that was the biggest i have ever had .
1	the salsa they serve the chips is excellent .
1	the food is pretty great .
1	it was delicious and as authentic as i could tell !
1	an almost perfect experience .
1	great service .
1	service is always good .
1	best mexican food i have had in a long time .
1	sooooo good .
1	authentic , legit mexican food .
1	very reasonable prices .
1	super good salsa .
1	friendly , fast , service .
1	fresh and flavorful .
1	great way to kick off our trip .
1	this is a great little mexican restaurant .
1	everything was fresh , authentic and priced great .
1	wonderful !
1	bright lights and friendly attitude .
1	i 'm definitely coming back !
1	definitely recommend this place .
1	he was very fast and professional .
1	clean work and gave us a heck of a deal .
1	replaced promptly and efficiently .
1	he went above and beyond my expectation .
1	great quality product , pride in workmanship and a fair price .
1	thank you !
1	rick and jess are amazing !
1	i highly recommend them !
1	bravo , guys !
1	punctual , meticulous and competitive .
1	had a great experience with these guys .
1	for a job so small they went above and beyond .
1	he really helped us out when we needed it !
1	very happy i found this place !
1	i would definitely recommend !
1	this is par for the course for aaa .
1	thank you .
1	my european adventure will be smooth thanks to aaa !
1	she was very nice and helpful !
1	i would absolutely do this again !
1	most of the staffs there are also very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	the staff is friendly and treats you like a friend .
1	he is always upbeat and truly loves what he does .
1	so kind !
1	my hygienist was gentle & considerate during today 's cleaning .
1	always so nice .
1	the staff at west olive is also so caring and very accommodating .
1	she does a great job at color , cutting and eye brow waxing .
1	great staff and very clean .
1	pricing is decent also .
1	great staff .
1	its the best !
1	the sesame chicken is excellent here .
1	the waiters are very nice .
1	good portions of food all for about $ _num_ .
1	great food at really great prices !
1	and they give you a great portion .
1	terrific service every time .
1	i love it great spot in my favorite town !
1	the atmosphere is always friendly .
1	be smart and give yourself a giant upgrade for the same cash , .
1	dinner combo 's for two are a good deal !
1	love the food and the price !
1	fast and hot every time .
1	this is my favorite place for chinese food and they are really fast .
1	the food is awe some and the prices are great too .
1	super cheap and by far the best chinese food in peoria or glendale .
1	some of the best chinese in the phx area i 've had so far .
1	even better than pf changs .
1	fast service .
1	great take out place .
1	great chinese food always ranks high in my book .
1	price , quality , quantity and service ca n't be beat !
1	loved it .
1	everything is good , but my favorite is the walnut shrimp .
1	great service , great food nice atmosphere .
1	definitely will return anytime i am on that side of town .
1	the best chinese food that i have had in the valley .
1	i love this place .
1	it is by far the best we 've found in the valley !
1	service awesome , huge portions very great prices !
1	their house lo mein is the best i have ever tasted .
1	the lunch specials are great and priced not to be beat .
1	definitely one of my local faves !
1	the service is great !
1	the best food .
1	love this place .
1	love their food !
1	definatly my new favorite chinese place !
1	very friendly staff and huge servings .
1	food taste very fresh and served fast and hot !
1	highly recomend !
1	lunch comes with soup , wonton , egg roll , fried rice and entree !
1	the staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is exactly what you would expect .
1	love that stuff !
1	it was nice to see some familiar faces from _num_ .
1	this is my favorite chinese place in the phx area .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	the food tastes very good .
1	love it , usually get the orange chicken with fried rice .
1	the food here is amazing and the service is exceptional .
1	they have the best egg foo young i have ever eaten among other things .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	the food is great and is at a great price .
1	overall i and my family love this place .
1	amazing spot a must try !
1	the crab puffs and pork egg rolls were delicious .
1	good sweet and sour sauce , too .
1	this place is so delicious .
1	customer service is an a+ .
1	always very pleasant when you ask for something extra .
1	i would recommend to anyone in this area .
1	she was so sweet and happy .
1	love this location !
1	she is definitely a great part of the home depot 's staff .
1	another yelp success story !
1	so over all it was a very good place totally recommend trying .
1	they have amazing food definitely the best wings i 've ever had !
1	twice baked sicilian pizza , delicious wings , and great staff .
1	good pizza and superior cheese .
1	great value especially the lunch special .
1	amazing pizza .
1	its so hard to find places with such fresh toppings .
1	i love this place !
1	this consignment shop is my favorite !
1	they always have sales and reasonable prices !
1	but seriously you have to check this place out !
1	the entire staff is down to earth and friendly .
1	best place for color .
1	he transformed my black hair into a beautiful honey brown with blonde highlights .
1	thank you.
1	i will be back !
1	i highly recommend for quality and service .
1	as always , their service is fast and friendly .
1	the front desk gentleman was very informative and personable .
1	they are very honest and i highly recommend this location !
1	great friendly staffs !
1	white chocolate caribou is my favorite !
1	this has quickly become one of my favorite study spots .
1	i love this place !
1	the gift shop is well kept and everyone was helpful .
1	i love it !
1	it 's a great place to study .
1	just calm and sweet people .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	absolutely amazing customer service from karen working in the book section .
1	good coffee , great service .
1	it is such a sweet sight .
1	they have a great used book section also .
1	atmosphere is great .
1	great book selection and most importantly that actually offer great customer service .
1	the coffee here is extremely good .
1	their cold brew coffee is also really good .
1	the owner is really friendly and easy to talk too .
1	the owner is also really knowledge about his product and well informed about coffee .
1	my favorite drink is the white caribou .
1	absolutely delicious !
1	love , love , love this place !
1	and great service , super friendly !
1	they are always so knowledgeable & helpful .
1	this place is perfect for studying and relaxing !
1	both of these gentlemen were courteous , compassionate and professional .
1	service was great and very friendly .
1	i love bowling .
1	hanging out with my family .
1	bowling !
1	this bowling alley is nice and new .
1	the equipment and the space is clean and bright .
1	we always have a great time here !
1	my favorite store is home depot and this location is a good one .
1	very knowledgeable and super friendly .
1	rare find .
1	love this place !
1	the people and the staff are friendly and chatty .
1	she is a great bartender and a lot of fun to talk to .
1	service is always super .
1	food is always tasty .
1	the other bar tenders suck !
1	she is friendly and knows her shit .
1	great food and drinks .
1	good menu .
1	i also love their wing wednesday deal .
1	terri is so fun .
1	they always get it correct and are friendly about it .
1	good food .
1	susan and her team are friendly and caring .
1	the ramsey team is fantastic .
1	they have everything for the whole family , plus stuff for the house !
1	all of the staff was very friendly .
1	the staff & management was absolutely awesome .
1	he 's the best service manager i 've ever encountered .
1	awesome service , great attitudes and wonderful people ... .
1	love their pizza !
1	very extremely fast service .
1	i hate it when you keep getting rid of the pizza i love most .
1	be nice , please , and keep it on the menu this time .
1	wow , is it much cooler now in my room !
1	great service , arrived as expected & very helpful & knowledgeable !
1	these guys are amazing !
1	staff was very nice .
1	and the service is fantastic !
1	the food and service here are always great .
1	small building but we had quick service and were very happy when we left .
1	colorful decor and food that is a cut above your average mexican fare .
1	our waitress was delightful and her service was top notch .
1	the beans are really good .
1	i went with the chicken chimi and it was fresh and tasty .
1	spot on !
1	it can be any beer ( how cool is that ! )
1	nice quaint family owned restaurant with excellent food !
1	especially for the cat fish fillet every friday it 's amazing !
1	flavorful food , all of it .
1	this place is soooo good !
1	some of the best mexican food i 've ever had !
1	really great authentic food !
1	the ladies here are very friendly and attentive !
1	great small authentic mexican restaurant that i will keep coming back to !
1	she gets it right every time and i have never had any problems .
1	we love sharon !
1	i highly recommend this salon and jennifer to everyone !
1	will definitely have her do my hair from now on !
1	i 'll definitely be returning .
1	fast and friendly service .
1	definitely recommend !
1	the rest of the staff is also very amazing at what they do .
1	they were great and helpful .
1	priced just right and items are ready when they say they will be .
1	i heart target !
1	store was clean and bright .
1	excellent contractor !
1	they were very professional and above all they did the job the right way .
1	they have a stunning showroom with so many options and choices to work with .
1	they stand behind their work and are great at following up .
1	great customer service .
1	informative .
1	great job guys !
1	their bread is always fresh .
1	they have great deals on dresses !
1	i always come here for my eye brow and lip waxing .
1	i have become a regular , and will continue to come here .
1	great food for a great price !
1	it 's a fun place for families .
1	i thought that was very nice .
1	good pizza and friendly staff .
1	it 's obviously a family place along with games and such .
1	good food always .
1	bartenders were very friendly , amazing !
1	i am enjoying this place & karaoke lol !
1	perfectly painted gel nails and amazing brows .
1	absolutely love coming to get my nails done at king world nails !
1	the service is amazing .
1	carol and tina are great , will definitely refer my friends .
1	they will definitely satisfied your wants and needs !
1	excellent service .
1	tina did a beautiful job on my nails !
1	extremely happy !
1	the customer service is always spot on .
1	amazing shop , super fast , well priced and they do a+ work .
1	so do n't order in from here , make sure you eat it there !
1	the service is ... spotty .
1	for what it is , the food is great and pretty decently priced .
1	good place for lunch .
1	i would recommend this place for a good quick lunch .
1	i love love love this place !
1	great place to eat !
1	i love this place .
1	food is always delicious and i love the staff .
1	you get good , honest work for a great price .
1	great little bar & grill .
1	i loved it !
1	the wait staff was very friendly and prompt .
1	oh , and the other food is good too !
1	good beer and friendly staff !
1	excited to come back to this bar close to home !
1	the staff was very attentive and friendly .
1	best dive bar around .
1	keep up the good work .
1	see u there when your in town .
1	i went thru the drive-thru and was very pleased .
1	absolutely love neighbors !
1	this is family !
1	good lunch specials .
1	fried rice was cooked well .
1	wow .
1	very good , quick , kind service !
1	i 'd definitely go here again !
1	fast and friendly service .
1	a solid choice .
1	their food is good , service is friendly and they deliver .
1	the chicken with the brown garlic sauce is sooo good .
1	found this place on yelp and was very surprised .
1	quiet clean place !
1	the lady that work 's there is really nice as well .
1	i liked that their lunch menu is bigger than most places .
1	food is always good a reasonably priced .
1	another star for the food quality .
1	amazing service !
1	i have been twice with the new owners and loved what i ordered !
1	tonight ordered the veggie delight .
1	the tofu was the most delicious tofu i 've ever tasted .
1	the owners very nice !
1	love that you can watch them cook !
1	two thumbs up , we 'll be ordering again in the future .
1	food is good as i had the sweet and sour pork .
1	the price was right and we were extremely pleased .
1	jake 's is a great little place to have your car worked on .
1	this guy also really knows what he 's doing when it comes to cars .
1	best mechanic in town !
1	love this place and my car is perfect .
1	friendly and trustworthy .
1	he will treat you with the utmost respect and friendliness .
1	thanks for taking pride in your work and serving your customers well .
1	definitely a bit divey .
1	it 's a nice little dive bar .
1	it 's a great friendly place to grab a drink and chill .
1	really nice people and employees too .
1	awesome experience !
1	i interacted with this business via email , phone , and in person .
1	wonderful service facility .
1	the staff is excellent and very friendly .
1	absolutely stunning , no matter what you need done .
1	steve , mike , and crew are amazing !
1	overall , good , inexpensive lunch with a pleasant atmosphere and nice people .
1	great mom and pop place in peoria .
1	very refreshing .
1	service is excellent !
1	what a great person to have on staff !
1	always fast service .
1	the guys here are very nice and service is very fast .
1	service is always quick and friendly .
1	got ta love it .
1	quick , courteous , and helpful staff .
1	these guys really do take it to another level here .
1	excellent customer service discount provides .
1	been coming here for years and discount has always been great .
1	every single time i am met with extremely flawless customer service .
1	the staff is knowledgeable , caring and kind .
1	thanks wally and crew !
1	i will definitely come back and recommend it .
1	great customer service and fast .
1	they price match and they honor their warranties .
1	very professional .
1	had another delicious meal here again .
1	their food is absolutely amazing , and their staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly .
1	i love italian food , so their lasagna is my favorite .
1	awesome !
1	the food was excellent , and the service was great .
1	they also brought their bartenders to stay throughout the night .
1	i especially loved their attitude .
1	the food and service was incredible .
1	organized , honest , and experienced .
1	big thanks to classic catering .
1	thank you joseph for working so well with us !
1	and dessert the cannoli cake - delicious !
1	our overall experience - outstanding !
1	will return !
1	very friendly staff and quick service .
1	the food is good , not gourmet , but good .
1	the coffee was just good , regular , restaurant coffee .
1	the servers are friendly and make you feel at home .
1	good eats .
1	this place was excellent .
1	its the best !
1	nice place for homemade food .
1	my mom likes this place .
1	cod & ribs & prime rib & breakfast are pretty taste !
1	the staff are always friendly and service is quick .
1	breakfast is served all day and the biscuits and gravy are outstanding .
1	nice quiet dining which is important to me .
1	price is cheaper than fast food and the portions are large .
1	great food at a great price .
1	my friends said the ruben was very good too .
1	great family owned restaurant .
1	we stopped in around 10:30 am and ordered the all you can eat meals .
1	both were great and the service was prompt .
1	the most important part , the course is always up to par .
1	keep up the good work guys !
1	but , for kids , it was great !
1	love going here for lunch and dinner with my husband .
1	our favorite place !
1	friday night karaoke is pretty interesting .
1	anybody can go and have a good time !
1	this is my favorite donut shop ever !
1	they are fresh made every day and have a large selection .
1	i love that .
1	very fresh and a variety of choices .
1	i 'm hooked already .
1	simply great .
1	melt in your mouth amazing !
1	a true gem .
1	will definitely be coming back .
1	the doughnut holes are delicious !
1	i love the cake donuts best .
1	they are very nice and always delightful in the mornings .
1	excellent iced coffee !
1	star _num_ : food is definitely worth the price .
1	great place .
1	enjoy !
1	i found the perfect card !
1	the food was good breakfast food , but the service was made the morning .
1	the food and service are once again outstanding .
1	i now eat there on a regular basis .
1	my favorite place .
1	great prices , great service and amazing food .
1	food tastes great .
1	great little restaurant with good food and a hometown feel .
1	the staff that we encountered was kind and welcoming .
1	great food !
1	good food and quick and efficient service !
1	the staff was very friendly .
1	cleaned up tables around us rather quickly !
1	decent size parking lot !
1	the food is amazing for the price !
1	they have such a great staff & the food is excellent .
1	thanks for being such a warm and welcoming restaurant with great food !
1	we 'll see you again this sunday !
1	i 'll have a tea & cobb salad with extra ranch !
1	large menu with lots of good diner food .
1	we love to come here with our family !
1	really excited about the remodeling as it 's nicer .
1	great service , good food !
1	the servers are young , delightful , caring but not intrusive .
1	beyond delicious .
1	with so many mediocre restaurants in the area this came as a pleasant surprise .
1	service was prompt and the price was good .
1	a great home town friendly place where you always see ownership on site .
1	the service is even better .
1	good food , friendly staff .
1	the staff was amazing and patient .
1	the best gyro 's and very reasonably priced breakfast .
1	it was n't too busy but there were a lot of full tables .
1	the pricing is good and the massage chairs are great .
1	very nice ladies took care of me right after work !
1	i will be definitely be coming back !
1	this place is seriously amazing !
1	candy is the absolute best .
1	such a fantastic place , check it out !
1	they looked good as new , if not better .
1	i would recommend this place !
1	this wendy 's is great !
1	it is good wendy 's food .
1	the place was very clean .
1	just enjoyed the people watching and the beer !
1	totally will be back !
1	great place .
1	small and has great drink prices .
1	so that 's a plus that they have the machine .
1	had a good fried vegetable appetizer .
1	by far my most favorite local bar .
1	just go here you 'll like it , its a great bar !
1	dug in right away and forgot to take a photo .
1	the wings are the best !
1	they do fish tacos that are really , really good .
1	there 's a really good selection of craft beers that 's always changing .
1	i like that this place has a relaxed vibe .
1	ample food at a great price and tastes like home cooking .
1	amazing .
1	this would be a great place for breakfast .
1	great place we will be coming back for sure .
1	they have great specials and the service is great .
1	friday fish fries are a must !
1	a great place for kids , they have mickey mouse pancakes that are adorable .
1	i really like this place !
1	good , friendly service and decent food .
1	it 's the next best thing , right here in arizona !
1	while both were good ( not great ) the fish was perfect .
1	great food at a great price you ca n't beat it .
1	the staff is friendly and the service is quick .
1	the fish fry is exceptional .
1	the fish is beer battered and cooked right with huge servings .
1	they treat us like we are family .
1	the food ( fish fry ) was excellent and a great value !
1	big pieces and lots of it .
1	we then tried the breakfast , again amazing .
1	good ice tea and great coffee .
1	the food here is always good and the service is great .
1	ultimately , this is a really nice place to come with friends or family .
1	the fish fry was incredible and came out right away .
1	even better the second time .
1	good food , decent price , and friendly service .
1	the food is good and the staff is even better .
1	the coffee was great and always full !
1	eating a `` works omelette '' with hash browns right now .
1	definitely recommend , cute atmosphere .
1	great service and friendly people .
1	this place is perfect .
1	food was quite tasty .
1	great clean coffee shop .
1	nice cafe .
1	service was friendly and fast .
1	overall the food was excellent and delicious .
1	the customer service is good and hope they keep that up .
1	my first time in peoria cafe , recommended by a friend .
1	thanks for the hospitality !
1	service is friendly and prices are good .
1	staff is friendly and attentive .
1	great food and a family atmosphere !
1	i love their burgers .
1	we just recently found this little gem and we are so glad we did !
1	awesome food and awesome service.
1	this our favorite lake on which to take the boat out .
1	it 's more that convenience factor .
1	there are just everywhere !
1	the place definitely looks different when you compare from summer and winter .
1	my family has enjoyed time here every year for the last _num_ years .
1	i also recommend shades , sun block , and food .
1	other than that it is an awesome lake with outstanding views .
1	very nice .
1	lake is pretty and you can do some fun off trail hiking .
1	the view of the lake is worth the drive out !
1	this park is a lovely get away .
1	i truly believe lake pleasant is haunted !
1	a good experience - hubby was very pleased !
1	he also has a great sense of humor .
1	he explained everything and was very patient to all my questions .
1	my appointment was the best 1st .
1	the rye bread is also top notch .
1	so many good things to try .
1	they have a generous selection of sugar free items as well .
1	staff is certainly friendly too .
1	they are always so soft and fresh .
1	sun city for this one .
1	i recommend the drive to pick up some yummy treats .
1	wonderful butter cookies , they make cannolis to order , challah bread !
1	lemon bars are divine !
1	i also love chris !
1	get a box to go !
1	even then , i got stuff to go !
1	wonderful !
1	simply amazing .
1	omg so good !
1	with that said i visit at least once a month !
1	loved the cannoli 's , pretzel chocolate chip cookie was so good also .
1	amazing pastries and baked goods .
1	friendly staff and amazing food !
1	the cakes are adorable .
1	i love everything that i have ever got from this place .
1	the pecan pie was sweet and rich just the way i like them .
1	loved the pine nut cookies !
1	my family is from ny and they also say it tastes authentic !
1	a hidden gem !
1	great cakes .
1	cookie trays are perfect .
1	great vintage button earrings .
1	cute community theater .
1	friendly staff and volunteers .
1	the seating is comfortable .
1	this is a small , intimate venue .
1	fantastically talented cast .
1	will definitely come back .
1	best place in surprise to get your nails done !
1	i would highly recommend them .
1	yum , , , yum .
1	best chinese buffet so far that i 've been to !
1	food is good too !
1	such a great selection to choose from along with nice employees !
1	next king buffet offers a dessert and salad bar .
1	it 's a dive place but their food is always good .
1	this is a great value for the money .
1	they are all very friendly .
1	they genuinely care about all pets that come in .
1	i would definitely recommend them to anyone !
1	the prices are reasonable , and the staff is always very nice .
1	wonderful groomers , so glad we found them .
1	thank you , jeff and justin !
1	thank you for your wonderful ways and kindness .
1	we use this place every week and have always had good service .
1	always personable and honest !
1	by far the very best mechanics i 've ever used .
1	great inexpensive mexican food in the sun city az area .
1	fast service .
1	thank you and love you guys !
1	but if you have a special diet they will take care of you .
1	my boyfriends family has been coming here for years !
1	best place to go for some great authentic mexican food !
1	another great quality is their staff .
1	i love it !
1	i will continue to come here , and highly suggest it to anyone .
1	i love this place .
1	my mom loves her !
1	everybody was so nice and friendly .
1	great value !
1	got referred from a friend to check this place out .
1	played _num_ holes and had a great time .
1	this is an awesome course !
1	very clean , super friendly , all around a great experience .
1	will definitely be taking our dog back in the future !
1	puppy looks great and worth the money by far !
1	this is a wonderfully well stocked health food store .
1	the staff is also very helpful .
1	visiting monty 's is always an enjoyable experience .
1	the atmosphere is calm and very inviting .
1	clean , stylish , and well made items .
1	i love this shop .
1	highly recommend !
1	friendly and helpful staff .
1	we highly recommend the best western sun city !
1	the front desk staff tommy was very nice and friendly .
1	great mechanic , i recommend taking your vehicle here for service .
1	the team at midas sun city are some of the best i 've met .
1	thanks for being honest and straightforward , guys !
1	: ) : ) ca n't beat that service !
1	thank you so much tony for your wonderful service .
1	they are honest , caring and trustworthy .
1	super prices , friendly , knowledgeable staff .
1	i love this guy .
1	professional cut , great value .
1	it 's family owned and operated , clean and reasonably priced .
1	very professional ... we 'll be back !
1	love this place .
1	the entertainment is always great .
1	excellent value for lunch !
1	friendly service .
1	their points system for getting a free night is a genius idea .
1	very professional and friendly staff .
1	amazing service .
1	the manager always greets us and we value his friendliness .
1	really good .
1	we will definitely be going back !
1	last minute call handled with humor and great service !
1	sun city florist did a great job on an arrangement for my sister .
1	their flowers are the best and last the longest .
1	i love this store .
1	the flowers looked fantastic and the folks at sun city were very friendly .
1	they were wonderful to work with and very accommodating for a same day delivery .
1	it was beautiful and fresh and their service was outstanding .
1	our server was excellent and the atmosphere was calming .
1	the staff is friendly , polite , and attentive .
1	chang lee deserves some love .
1	first time here , such a lovely experience for us .
1	very kind and helpful staff .
1	it is a quality place to go .
1	very good fish fry .
1	we also were impressed by the thursday night entertainment .
1	the service is great .
1	i 've never had anything but good food and excellent service .
1	_num_ am , they are fresh !
1	i thought they were great .
1	these guys are fantastic !
1	great and efficient work while you wait .
1	they got my mickey watch working again !
1	and it does n't lie !
1	the selection is marvelous , and the prices are fantastic .
1	the price was very reasonable .
1	this place is awesome !
1	well , i am very happy stopped in .
1	favorite place to go since moving out here from cali .
1	very reasonable , good food .
1	my very favorite is the pastor burrito with added beans .
1	oh my goodness it 's so delish !
1	great prices .
1	nothing fancy but real good food .
1	big enough to share and great flavor .
1	they are consistently good from one another .
1	nice people .
1	excellent service .
1	friendly staff and efficient job .
1	that 's just good customer service and a great way to do business .
1	pool tables , music , great service .
1	great bar !
1	my favorite place to go during the early afternoon .
1	i love pete 's !
1	loved it !
1	i love pete 's fish & chips !
1	and they did a great job on my car .
1	great service .
1	a good sense of detail and ability to do the job correctly .
1	b & m muffler is a great example of an honest mechanic .
1	i agree with everyone here !
1	they were super great !
1	had a great trip with my family !
1	the menudo is the best !
1	it 's was a very pleasurable visit .
1	the rooms are spacious and clean .
1	a very kind staff and clean room .
1	they were helpful and very friendly .
1	loved this place .
1	greeted nicely and seated immediately .
1	always friendly , great food .
1	our waitress was very friendly and attentive even for how busy it was .
1	the food was good and the music was great .
1	debbie and mike are awesome , nice gentle horses and beautiful ride !
1	i highly recommend .
1	thanks again !
1	thanks guys for the great morning !
1	the animals were all awesome .
1	lol but still a fun place .
1	my clients ( and their pets ! )
1	i was very impressed .
1	they make you feel appreciated !
1	just a friendly place to enjoy breakfast !
1	kathy does a superb job of taking care of your hair .
1	she cuts my curly hair to perfection .
1	it is worth it to take it to someone we trust .
1	i am impressed !
1	many thanks to this named team and all that we 're not mentioned .
1	this is as good as it gets .
1	she was always treated well , and given lots of tlc .
1	awesome unique old time barber shop decor .
1	did it well with a good length to play around with .
1	ace hardware in sun city west has some great employees .
1	great place for a great pizza !
1	and will bring friends next time !
1	employees are friendly and knowledgeable .
1	i go to this restaurant very often and highly recommend to everyone .
1	great job nice service and pretty quick .
1	i was very impressed with friendliness of the staff and great service .
1	yeah .
1	everyone is so helpful !
1	so happy i found a great place to take my kids .
1	go see them .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants near sun city .
1	you can count on their food and serve .
1	love this place .
1	marty the owner is always there to greet you .
1	definitely worth a visit or two .
1	the wait staff is outstanding !
1	the omelets are great , and the hash browns are the best .
1	good burgers and fries and a great place for breakfast .
1	he told me they were the greatest pancakes he ever had lol .
1	delicious food , great portions , crispy hash browns ... excellent .
1	very pleased with the service and food quality and quantity .
1	great bbq .
1	great prices .
1	that was a ton of great food for $ _num_ each !
1	a great deal for some real chinese .
1	wow we are here to review food people ... .
1	the food here is amazing !
1	the service was super friendly and quick and the restaurant looked pretty clean .
1	it was really good and service was fast and friendly .
1	best takeout in the area .
1	great appetizers , house special fried rice , house special chicken is amazing !
1	it 's all good .
1	especially the pepper steak .
1	their crab puffs and dumplings are excellent too .
1	always a smile and coffee when we sit down .
1	sunday brunch is well worth the price .
1	really good pizza and the greek salad was giant !
1	i highly recommend .
1	delicious .
1	thanks from your new regular !
1	given the great food , i can give up the waitress .
1	love this neighborhood eatery .
1	we will return because the pizza was generous and delicious .
1	pizza and service are consistent and good with fair prices .
1	all was very good !
1	good breakfast .
1	very attentive service .
1	friendly .
1	happy to see you .
1	but for some good home cooking , carrie 's is quite good .
1	on a consistent basis .
1	thank you dr. winston .
1	dr. winston and his staff are beyond amazing !
1	dr. winston is an amazing vet .
1	he is honest , kind , and just really knows his field .
1	dr. winston is our go to vet !
1	love the vet .
1	very happy with all the staff .
1	great pizza everytime .
1	good people , good food .
1	such a simple question but so appreciated .
1	pizza was great and pasta was great !
1	the sausage is homemade and among the best i 've had .
1	they make the best sausage in az and they sell it by the lb .
1	thank you for every bite !
1	it is made just right .
1	nice people , super good .
1	it is to die for !
1	thick and tastey and so incredibly perfect every time !
1	i care about the food and it never disappoints !
1	the staff is very professional , friendly , helpful and conscientious .
1	they always have new and interesting items to try .
1	they are of very high quality and are very reasonably priced .
1	very pleased with the products and service .
1	great to have a skin care expert so close .
1	ace hardware in carefree is really nice .
1	exceptional !
1	i will be recommending this retreat to everyone i know !
1	thank you for the wonderful experience this weekend !
1	we enjoyed the wonderful ribs 'n chicken , fried cactus ( yummy ! )
1	what a fantastic place to hold an event !
1	we eat dinner here often , usually with exemplary service and delicious food .
1	the food in the conference meetings and the restaurant was very good .
1	the grounds and site is well kept and relaxing .
1	i think the grounds are very beautiful & relaxing .
1	the concierge recommended many fun activities and great places to dine .
1	i highly recommend the carefree resort and all its amenities .
1	the staff is friendly and it is absolutely amazing scenery .
1	great hotel and location , spacious rooms and a nice restaurant .
1	( with directions from the valet ) and it was fun .
1	one of the best resorts i 've been too !
1	the place is wonderful , every bit of it .
1	my family and i enjoyed our stay here .
1	the town of cave creek is a very nice place to stroll and shop .
1	we will be taking with us great memories !
1	thank you !
1	my new favorite place to stay in arizona .
1	you have to really appreciate the grounds here .
1	they are so absolutely beautiful !
1	rooms are good and everyone is friendly .
1	i just had the most incredible facial by lisa .
1	on a recent `` sisters '' trip , we came upon this amazing store !
1	this is a fantastic retail indian jewelry store .
1	beautiful , handmade pieces that are one of a kind .
1	there is prompt service when you eat in as well .
1	we have had always great experience when here .
1	our first meal was a treat .
1	the owner is always nice to everyone !
1	excellent service , very good food , super clean place , very friendly owners .
1	friendly service .
1	a fabulous choice in carefree .
1	excellent lunch experience .
1	both the indoor and outdoor seating areas are very warm and inviting .
1	my service has always been outstanding and i love the wine selection .
1	a very quaint getaway !
1	just waiting for you to enjoy .
1	great food , good service and atmosphere .
1	had a very good meal on the rooftop with great service .
1	outstanding all around .
1	enjoy !
1	loved this place !
1	waitress was friendly and the bbq chicken pizza was very good .
1	flew into town to visit a friend .
1	she brought me here for dinner .
1	what i really appreciate is the manager 's attitude .
1	this place was a very pleasant surprise .
1	been three times with friends and family .
1	both were beyond magnificent !
1	i love this place .
1	this place has an amazing wine and beer list , with detailed descriptions .
1	the staff is pleasant and fun .
1	overall it was a good experience .
1	highly recommend the outdoor and rooftop seating around sunset .
1	just had brunch with the family , restaurant was comfortably busy .
1	the pace was great , desserts were particularly good .
1	we always enjoy sitting at the bar and having a casual dinner and drinks .
1	a freindly and efficient staff handles tables inside and out with grace and humor .
1	the four of us had a wonderful breakfast on their outdoor patio .
1	great food , simple , plain fare , but done well and done fast .
1	one of the best things about carefree , for sure .
1	great breakfast food !
1	these guys can really cook !
1	do n't miss out on this , it 's great !
1	great food and only outdoor seating .
1	this place has exceptional food and staff .
1	the friendly competent service .
1	i will continue to support this great family run local diner .
1	wow .
1	great place with superb service .
1	both times the food was great and the service was on top of it !
1	awesome food and service .
1	we love it here for good food and great coffee .
1	i recommend this place to anyone .
1	gina and i love it here !
1	friendly , professional service in a clean , comfortable atmosphere .
1	the black mountain coffee shop is a great gem of a breakfast place .
1	overall a nice place !
1	great food , excellent service with an easy atmosphere .
1	sit outside on the patio and enjoy the mountain views .
1	both were very good .
1	the salads are big and satisfying .
1	turkey sandwich was great and the chili was fantastic .
1	the atmosphere , service , and food are great .
1	this is my parents favorite place to eat and i agree _num_ % .
1	the staff is very friendly and the service is top notch !
1	great place with good italian food !
1	nice atmosphere and they make you feel like you are in their home .
1	this place is so good !
1	the fried mozzarella was great .
1	great atmosphere , just great italian food .
1	staff is very attentive and prompt , wine list good , perfect portions .
1	we will definitely visit again soon !
1	also great service and vino selection .
1	i had scampi & pasta with asparagus in white wine sauce , wow !
1	the food , service and ambience was extraordinary .
1	thank you !
1	everyone in our group had a fantastic meal .
1	shrimp scampi was full of flavor .
1	this is the third time i 've ordered it .
1	and both were excellent .
1	this is a really nice store .
1	the store in general has a very friendly atmosphere .
1	most importantly when i had yarn wound they took great loving care .
1	i love the beautiful cotton yard i purchased there .
1	getting your haircut there is always full of laughter along with a great cut .
1	david does a great job and is reasonably priced .
1	david is a great barber !
1	cute place , good food and a very friendly staff .
1	pizza is excellent .
1	breakfast burritos are excellent .
1	staff is exceptional .
1	great place for a quick quality meal .
1	excellent place .
1	also great salads .
1	this place rocks .
1	the owners are wonderful and super friendly .
1	awesome pizza , subs , and salads !
1	great place and owners are cool !
1	the salad was flavorful as well .
1	everyone working there was super helpful .
1	domino 's has some great pizzas and menu items now .
1	great job all around !
1	nick is a great store manager and gets the job done .
1	always makes our night .
1	great service too !
1	personally i recommend the boat .
1	check it out if you are ever on the west side .
1	i actually liked it .
1	the owners are always very attentive and very friendly .
1	i usually get the spicy tuna and i try something new everytime .
1	i never have to wonder , the food and service are always great .
1	cute mom and pop place .
1	great little find .
1	every thing was really good .
1	love this cute little spot .
1	family owned .
1	awesome .
1	good food .
1	nice people , fair prices and sushi is always fresh .
1	very good sushi at a great price .
1	this place is always quiet and the service is great .
1	owned and operated by a husband and wife who care about their customers !
1	it 's owned and run by the sweetest family !
1	i recommend the ice green tea , it 's great !
1	highly recommended !
1	everything was great , service is good .
1	price is decent .
1	this is one of my new favorite places .
1	sushi was good and fresh .
1	solid sushi under new ownership .
1	my favorite was the california roll and spicy crab roll .
1	the miso soup is complimentary !
1	they are full of smiles !
1	new favorite !
1	steve was so attentive and kind that it made date night that much better .
1	and enjoy .
1	i love this place !
1	awesome staff that took really good care of me and my wife .
1	so good , family owned and they know what they are doing .
1	very good food .
1	very friendly staff .
1	i will return often !
1	great sushi .
1	really good service and friendly staff !
1	i definitely come back again .
1	awesome people .
1	the facility is always very clean and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly .
1	great vet .
1	it is truly one of a kind .
1	i was impressed with his work .
1	he was quick and efficient and cleaned up the area very well .
1	easy going ... prices are by far the best found after calling around .
1	definitely recommend !
1	very friendly staff !
1	the staff is also very nice .
1	a great learning environment for children .
1	i love this place .
1	they take their time and really do a good job .
1	new owners took over within the last year and they are fantastic .
1	i absolutely love this nail salon .
1	i definitely will continue to go here .
1	great place !
1	also , they have great lunch specials and the regular prices are decent too .
1	good , laid back place for kids or large groups too .
1	they also have fantastic wings !
1	it was terrific !
1	family owned and operated and yummy crispy pizza .
1	we bring all of our friends and family here to enjoy the pizza yumminess !
1	the pizza is the best slice on this side of town .
1	the family that owns it has generations after generations running the place .
1	now if they know anything it 's how to make good ranch .
1	although the decor could be updated , their food is great .
1	my favorite is their fried zucchini .
1	it 's amazing !
1	i will definitely go again .
1	awesome friendly staff .
1	good food and great service as usual .
1	i absolutely love eating at this place .
1	the pizza is amazing and they even have a gluten free pizza !
1	the guy had such passion about working here , it made me smile .
1	definitely recommended .
1	outstanding service as well !
1	good pricing .
1	and their sauce is beyond delicious .
1	they are so nice too !
1	pizza is delish , wings are great !
1	service is excellent .
1	sun devil chicken .
1	what i love the best is the prices .
1	the food is delicious and they give you a lot !
1	the lunch combo is the best deal in town .
1	it is hands down the best chinese food in the valley !
1	looks like a hole in the wall spot but it has great grub .
1	the food is always awesome .
1	always fast and hot !
1	love it .
1	frank is amazing !
1	best auto mechanic shop in the valley if you ask me .
1	honest , affordable family owned business .
1	very rare in the automotive repair industry these days .
1	wonderful !
1	the prices are gray as well and everything is clean and well maintained .
1	great staff willing to help and go above and beyond .
1	this place seems like it has actually approved in the last year .
1	every time i come here i have a good experience .
1	i had a couple people recommend this place .
1	small friendly office staff , great eye doctor !
1	_num_ star service !
1	great deal , great service , great experience .
1	i highly recommend them !
1	my experience was great and i am happy with my purchase .
1	they always do a great job .
1	excellent salon !
1	prices are good .
1	and her work is fast and looks great !
1	i love this place .
1	they 're always fast , tastes great , and friendly .
1	great lunch specials .
1	excellent service , huge portions and great flavor !
1	we will be back ... a lot .
1	prices were very reasonable and the place was very clean .
1	will definitely be coming back .
1	i got the mongolian beef and it really was the best i 've had .
1	egg roll was crispy and delicious .
1	price was right too !
1	best chinese food in arizona period !
1	the staff are extremely friendly and the food is new york style chinese food .
1	so excited about this purchase !
1	great service !
1	thanks john !
1	the bikes are great and were good values .
1	the new shop is large and well set up .
1	the tune ups and repairs are affordable and prompt .
1	the service in the store is extremely helpful .
1	we packed that place !
1	always great service with a smile , which is rare these days .
1	cactus dental care is absolutely amazing !
1	everyone is friendly and the office is clean .
1	love this place .
1	love this place , always have .
1	every thing i 've ever ordered here is fantastic !
1	the service is fast and friendly .
1	food was pretty good , service from waitress was decent .
1	great burnt ends though !
1	excellent family owned atmosphere .
1	their ribs are really tasty as are the beans .
1	still great bbq pork sandwiches with tasty side dishes of cole slaw and beans .
1	we definitely recommend this place if you are on the west side .
1	it was insanely awesome ... .
1	the staff was so friendly and helpful .
1	the bar area is the best place to be .
1	host staff was great .
1	very curious about their fish and burgers .
1	turkey nicely smoked .
1	fantastic brisket platter , wedge salad , blt , and desserts .
1	beans were the best i ever had !
1	everyone enjoyed .
1	love it , love it !
1	this was my first time at the thunderbird location and it went very well .
1	best onion rings ever !
1	great food , people and experience !
1	very accommodating , great and pleasant service and good food .
1	our food was delivered in a good amount of time .
1	this place is the spot if you looking for a low key good time .
1	she will bring you back if your feeling down .
1	super yummy fresh onion rings ... great bbq and great service .
1	always good !
1	best onion rings around .
1	thanks for always being a great place .
1	they are both very aware of what their tables need and very nice !
1	great prices on drinks ... come early for music !
1	this place is awesome !
1	we go here for happy hours , family dinner and nights out !
1	the macaroni and cheese was so good .
1	great service , they remember your name and what you drink .
1	always smiling .
1	this store always treats us very well .
1	staff is always friendly .
1	the best kfc i 've ever been to !
1	the restaurant is clean and the food was great !
1	i was very pleased with my experience today .
1	very welcoming members and staff , and great children 's and adult programs .
1	lots of activities and amenities .
1	services are engaging and enjoyable .
1	this church is great .
1	the building itself is very warm and inviting .
1	i must say they have the best nursery director ever !
1	you can relate it to something concrete in your real life .
1	my children love coming here and learn so many great things .
1	serves the community .
1	great music .
1	excellent teaching .
1	the sunday school is great for the kids , great people !
1	best church ever !
1	the worship is incredible !
1	amazing service every week .
1	nice atmosphere in the bar and close to home .
1	this was a great lunch experience for me at top shelf .
1	great place to hang out with family and friends .
1	ok so we came here for a few drinks after dinner .
1	love this place !
1	great food , good atmosphere , good service .
1	had chicken and steak fajitas , both meats were juicy and flavorful .
1	the staff is friendly .
1	great neighborhood mexican restaurant .
1	the mexican pizza with ground beef is amazing !
1	we always get great service in the bar area .
1	very welcoming and she created a great atmosphere !
1	i recommend coming here !
1	especially if you want great service .
1	if you are in the square block , give this place a shot .
1	my grandparents introduced me to this place .
1	its all about the experience , the drive itself is part of the experience .
1	the employees are nice always have a smile on .
1	amazing burger .
1	fresh , juicy , huge !
1	great burgers the chilli is pretty darn good also .
1	( hi sherry !
1	it 's awesome !
1	great burger for the location !
1	very yummy !
1	awesome burgers !
1	worth the drive from town just for it !
1	best burger i 've had in phoenix since i moved here _num_ years ago !
1	it 's one of those things you crave till you get another one .
1	best hamburger in town !
1	friendly service with a smile .
1	the service was fast and friendly .
1	simple but great .
1	the egg is steaming hot and the bacon is crisp .
1	this place is a gem and i will do my part to support it .
1	he is professional , careful , on time , personable and reasonably priced .
1	we recently moved and decided to hire movers .
1	they were amazing and i would recommend them in a heartbeat .
1	erik truly went above and beyond to make sure we were happy .
1	if you are looking for a great company ... .
1	turned a `` negative '' into a `` positive '' .
1	i have a few properties and they do them all .
1	the prices are great and the guys are excellent .
1	_num_ stars for service and a great job done .
1	looks great , ready in half the time promised .
1	the food was good with generous portions .
1	we were pleasantly surprised at how nice and accommodating they were !
1	made sure we knew where to go , even directed us to our spot !
1	amazing !
1	thank you !
1	highly recommend .
1	always have new things coming in and their prices are great .
1	large variety of metal art , pottery and other fun things .
1	very good prices & selections .
1	enjoyed my massage here .
1	went to the spa today and had a great massage .
1	although jasmine is tiny , the strength in her hands is fantastic .
1	can you believe it was my first time !
1	boulder city is a nice quite city .
1	it 's the best fast-food place in the valley .
1	the food was hot and tasted really good .
1	the service was great .
1	great cool off .
1	root beer was great !
1	friendly , professional , good people .
1	honest and trustworthy is worth money .
1	boulder city lock & key is a very reliable .
1	the jewelry and craftsmanship is unparalleled .
1	these are true works of art !
1	the food is wonderful and the owner will make sure you enjoy your stay .
1	they have the best twice baked potato .
1	this place has great food and good prices .
1	nice service .
1	small with open kitchen .
1	the service is great .
1	it is not a fast food place and it is popular .
1	small but charming so make sure to make a reservation .
1	it is a great little restaurant .
1	food is excellent .
1	had a delicious dinner at a very reasonable price .
1	the menu was impressive and the entrees we ordered were really delicious .
1	prices were reasonable and the service was good and friendly .
1	park and get your ass in there !
1	wow !
1	fantastic meal .
1	small place so reservations are definitely recommended .
1	the food is wonderful and the service is always great .
1	great service .
1	excellent preparation on both .
1	terrific food done with care .
1	we loved the bistro !
1	great service and friendly staff .
1	i had the most delicious spaghetti with marinara sauce and chicago sausage !
1	i had the special pork chop wit spinach and feta , delicious .
1	the staff was incredibly nice .
1	i will definitely be coming back again .
1	absolutely love the vibe and atmosphere .
1	this was a pleasant surprise !
1	our server kaitlyn was also very attentive and pleasant .
1	i will return for service when needed .
1	i strongly recommend them .
1	a very competent class of mechanics .
1	ted runs a friendly and fair business .
1	first choice auto is the best .
1	they took great care of us .
1	had the burrito de lengua and it was delicious !
1	love it !
1	this was just a little hole in the wall and it was fantastic !
1	hometown best bet .
1	great food for a decent price .
1	everything was fresh and prepared as asked .
1	everyone knows about the good food .
1	so thank you taco bell boulder city !
1	wow !
1	awesome !
1	everything about the course was excellent .
1	all around a great value and a very nice golf course .
1	the courses are always in good shape .
1	it was an honest mistake , but he called me and hooked it up .
1	love them !
1	he 's a great guy , friendly , knowledgeable , etc .
1	he 's got all my future business !
1	thats right - _num_ stars .
1	the service was quick and the price was right .
1	highly recommend !
1	called these guys and they were able to take me in right away .
1	great , quick service and a staff that really knows their stuff .
1	quiet and away from the strip .
1	all in all , a great place to spend the day and/or evening .
1	fantastic course , great staff .
1	the beauty of the lake is amazing .
1	stopped in rocky mountain chocolate factory & enjoyed some almond bark .
1	lake las vegas is perhaps the most beautiful destination in the clark county area .
1	many people choice lake las vegas as the place for their wedding ceremony .
1	great location .
1	let 's bring this place back to what is was !
1	also : check out great deals for the westin .
1	nice .
1	beautiful .
1	small but bright and airy exercise room with up to date machines .
1	good if you have young ones .
1	l love the atmostphere , the service , and the free spa !
1	i stayed here when it first opened .
1	club lounge , and service was outstanding .
1	they served incredible snacks , appetizers and deserts ... ... .
1	outstanding accommodations , pool areas , food , and staff .
1	we will return next april .
1	their spa is by far one of the best that exists .
1	salad i have seen .
1	also of note was the coffee , which was absolutely perfect .
1	it was a fantastic dinner experience .
1	great service and spacious too .
1	food was good and the different choices was quite unique .
1	food is consistent , tastes amazing and the staff is great .
1	so we get a workout and the money goes to a great cause .
1	and being able to do things on the water .
1	price is not unreasonable , and my son really loved steering it .
1	recommend everyone to check this place out .
1	thanks .
1	we enjoyed the quiet moment with family .
1	i would recommend to anyone .
1	very pleased with all the services and way we were treated .
1	the entire staff is well trained and are knowledgable .
1	professionals all the way .
1	beautiful course .
1	the food is amazing !
1	it 's a gorgeous property .
1	we are locals and had a great time .
1	very friendly service , beautiful greens , good food what 's not to love .
1	it 's just a great atmosphere for a quality casino .
1	very safe , quiet .
1	a lady from the slot club came over and offered to sign us up .
1	this smith 's is newly remodeled and awesome .
1	love it !
1	most convenient place for us to shop because we live so close .
1	the employees are friendly and helpful .
1	this use to be the perfect place to get in and out easily .
1	prices are alittle high but meats and bakery is a great start here .
1	i love this store !
1	about _num_ calories but totally worth it .
1	he did a fantastic job .
1	they told me i was in excellent hands .
1	i love dr. clark !
1	his office staff is also very friendly ... and funny !
1	friendly , efficient service .
1	they always have excellent staff .
1	all homemade and served with a smile .
1	all in all , a very enjoyable stop .
1	overall , a great deal !
1	great variety on the salad bar .
1	plenty of hot dish options , with a lot of variety .
1	best of all is that this place is totally old school .
1	the food is incredible !
1	what a nice little casino !
1	very clean for a hotel being so old .
1	people are very nice and someone is always near by to answer any questions .
1	restaurant is simple and food is good .
1	this is the best place in town !
1	they are always friendly and do whatever they can to help you .
1	i highly recommend valley automotive .
1	he answered my questions and even offered a discount .
1	thank you for making your customers feel valued !
1	very honest and reliable .
1	and my air conditioning works great !
1	i highly recommend valley automotive .
1	they do great work at a very reasonable rate .
1	such an honest group of guys .
1	this shop is top notch .
1	mike was very friendly .
1	parking is great even if you have a party .
1	all in all it well worth the money .
1	the grounds are well managed and landscaping looks great .
1	for the cost and the location i think this place is a gem .
1	needed a place to store while i traveled .
1	cameras everywhere .
1	they are efficient and organized .
1	the staff is friendly and helpful .
1	the staff was friendly , helpful and easy to work with .
1	impressed by the speed on a friday night !
1	the food is always hot , always correct and very delicious .
1	extremely helpful !
1	it 's a fast food place .
1	i do love how the store is organized and the staff is very personable .
1	they have a great snack section with popcorn and even ice cream .
1	these guys are skilled and honest .
1	i take my dogs for many years and have gotten great services .
1	we love this vet !
1	great customer service .
1	the staff is great .
1	so far so good , _num_ stars !
1	i will continue to bring my animals here .
1	favorite animal hospital .
1	nice and clean inside , friendly teller , quick service in and out .
1	the staff are wonderful !
1	what a great time here .
1	they took such good care of us for my ladies b day .
1	the food is amazing !
1	the ambiance is intimate .
1	its nice to go to a local fine dining restaurant away from the strip .
1	the waiters could use some common sense , but the food is amazing .
1	i love this place .
1	best little gem of a restaurant in henderson !
1	highly recommend !
1	great ambiance , good service and food of ample portions to share .
1	very good and fresh !
1	very pleasantly surprised .
1	i got the salmon and it was amazing !
1	i love this place !
1	i enjoy eating my occasional burger in here .
1	highly recommend this store !
1	the casino is nicely laid out too .
1	i definitely want to go back .
1	buffet is good .
1	fiesta henderson is actually a nice locals casino .
1	the hotel staff is extremely friendly and the room was well furnished and clean .
1	sports bar is amazing if rob is there !
1	things are getting better .
1	the food and service was great !
1	thank you for a great experience .
1	love this place !
1	wonderful buffet .
1	tasted great ... again ... as far as fast food goes .
1	everything is tasty , super fresh , and way affordable .
1	the staff is always very friendly and the place is clean .
1	their salsa bar is always kept clean and looks freshly made .
1	great food !
1	i must say this place has an authentic taste !
1	happy i found this place !
1	the tostada taco salad is delicious with grilled chicken or shredded beef .
1	the carnitas combination plate is also an excellent choice .
1	this place is awesome !
1	the enchiladas were really good !
1	they look really good as well .
1	this is one of the best honestly taco shops in henderson .
1	carne asada breakfast burritos are delicious .
1	they are all great .
1	customer service is great too !
1	oh yeah did i mention their flan is made in their own kitchen !
1	great flavor and great prices as well !
1	greasy , flavorful , delicious cheap mexican food .
1	the food was delicious , the restaurant was clean and the menu was extensive .
1	nothing fancy , just great food , great service .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	best tacos around !
1	two thumbs up !
1	lunch worthy food is always good too .
1	it is now my favorite place to eat than any other .
1	nothing fancy but definitely worth a trip .
1	we need more like you in this town !
1	nice family owned mexican place , like the food .
1	the best tacos we had on our journey out west .
1	just plain good food made fresh .
1	breakfast was a great start and dinner was great too .
1	( this location is the best ! )
1	ive been eating here since i moved in to town _num_ years ago .
1	they use fresh meat , the owner is very friendly .
1	got here right before they close at 9pm .
1	authentic taqueria in henderson !
1	quality food , clean atmosphere , and reasonably priced makes for a great establishment .
1	they have two locations , but only one i can conveniently walk to !
1	amazing food - friendly staff .
1	this is my mechanic .
1	all i can say is wow .
1	family run and run great .
1	the diner has one of the best prime rib dinners i have ever had .
1	wow amazing good deals .
1	now that 's an awesome deal !
1	recently redone and classic las vegas with neon , cool booths etc .
1	hands down , the best hangover food in henderson !
1	amazing deal and great quality .
1	cute little `` dive '' in a small smokey casino .
1	amazing food at great prices .
1	my new favorite place on water street .
1	what you will get is good , basic food and plenty of it .
1	they have great breakfast specials served anytime and the casino is clean .
1	great breakfast !
1	very comfortable restaurant with unbelievable prices .
1	great tasting food .
1	she was friendly & helped my friend that 's super picky find something .
1	the menu offers variety , a daily special , and great prices .
1	another favorite is the prime rib special !
1	everyone loves the `` bow '' .
1	so good !
1	both my husband and i enjoyed it , especially at the $ _num_ price .
1	the prices are great too .
1	prime rib is my favorite item on the menu !
1	great price with excellent service .
1	it 's like my new vegas best kept secret !
1	their prime rib is fantastic .
1	besides the smoke in the casino it was well worth the _num_ min wait .
1	always good .
1	not only are the prices incredible but the food is sooooooo good !
1	i will be coming here again !
1	the staff was amazing as well !
1	service is great , very friendly people .
1	best breakfast i 've had in a while , and awesome prices .
1	the service in this restaurant is always very good .
1	the staff is great , portions are huge and pricing is on point .
1	love their salad , and the blue cheese .
1	the portions are good too .
1	we love rainbow !
1	it 's our go to spot for an awesome breakfast !
1	i love this place .
1	great food at a low price !
1	the staff are usually nice !
1	food is amazing !
1	the food is so fresh and cooked to order .
1	the waiting room , though small , was very nice and relaxing .
1	nice place , great aesthetics , and a nice staff .
1	premier dental care was excellent from the very beginning !
1	front desk receptionists are friendly and professional as well .
1	if you are seeking a new dentist office , i highly recommend this group .
1	thank you for making all of my procedures as comfortable as possible .
1	best dentist i have ever been to !
1	so far i 'm very happy with my experience here .
1	this is a great office .
1	they also discussed other options but led to my best option .
1	very happy with my front tooth crown .
1	great courteous office staff , very helpful always .
1	i fell in love !
1	i love pam the hygienist !
1	the entire staff is super friendly and welcoming .
1	the dog was really comfortable with her and even wanted to lick her face .
1	this place is very nice .
1	this has been the greatest place for my furry babies !
1	we had a great experience .
1	really appreciated that .
1	yummy taquitos and excellent rice .
1	great pico de gallo , and the guacamole is very tasty .
1	i like the fresh sweet bread .
1	enjoy !
1	the prices are great .
1	i got my nails done and they look great .
1	i 'm always greeted right away and there is nearly never any wait time .
1	the work done here is great and i would recommend it to everyone .
1	she was very excited about the different menu options they had .
1	i have the best dentist ever !
1	his staff is very nice and extremely helpful .
1	this office is as good as it gets !
1	love them all !
1	that is important to me .
1	it 's a friendly office and very clean .
1	if you are a dog lover , this is the place to be !
1	i will definitely use them again .
1	i would highly recommend these guys to anyone .
1	excellent and excellent !
1	excellent excellent !
1	i recommend them highly .
1	all perfect !
1	great company will recommend them any time .
1	well , the wings truly are all that and a bag of chips .
1	this is one of my `` regular '' eating spots .
1	it is a small bar/restaurant that serves some great food .
1	get the wings extra crispy there good too .
1	this place is a henderson land mark .
1	omg this place has the most amazing wings .
1	very very good !
1	the service has been fantastic every time we visited this place .
1	i love this place .
1	it 's also a great place to bring the family for pizza and wings .
1	great flavor , good heat .
1	the food was perfect for a bar type of venue .
1	the buffalo wings were great .
1	two words henderson special .
1	the wings are crisp and juicy , the sauce perfectly seasoned .
1	i myself hate slimy wings so this place is perfect for me .
1	but , the food is amazing .
1	always good for pizza , wings , burgers .
1	holy cow amazing !
1	nice people .
1	thx johnny fabulous wings !
1	always very friendly service and easily the best wings in town .
1	awesome !
1	they are awesome !
1	i love this place .
1	great atmosphere .
1	being from the east coast -- i know wings and these were amazing .
1	the pizza is waaaay better than a pizza hut or a domino 's .
1	they even have great sandwiches they toast the bread and that makes them great .
1	they accommodated the whole team and parents .
1	my mother-in-law loved their mozzarella sticks , which they make in house .
1	best pizza in town i think .
1	this place is a henderson staple and is now better than ever .
1	the inside is much better than the area outside ( boulder highway ) .
1	the best !
1	and it 's quaint , and friendly .
1	great burgers .
1	good times .
1	great local business .
1	good wings , good drinks and a friendly staff .
1	it tasted great .
1	we 'll continue to keep coming back !
1	great food , good energy , and really great staff .
1	the staff was very friendly and helpful .
1	a bit far from town but a great local spot .
1	they service is always friendly .
1	love it !
1	our favorite pizza place in the las vegas area for sure .
1	great place and i plan to keep coming back again and again !
1	very highly recommended !
1	totally recommend it !
1	great sports pub atmosphere .
1	very good service .
1	excellent tasting burger !
1	and as always the service was great and the food was excellent .
1	the food and service were great .
1	found this place with cold beer and great food .
1	sooooo delicious !
1	i loved it !
1	horseradish and a pickle on the side ... with au jus .
1	love to go on wednesday nights and get it 1/2 off .
1	service has always been fast and friendly .
1	food is always amazing .
1	great place ... salads were huge and very well done .
1	great place !
1	staff is very friendly !
1	total surprise .
1	you have to try the best wings in town .
1	great wings and beer .
1	highly recommended !
1	highly recommend !
1	the wait staff is wonderful .
1	the food is amazing !
1	burgers are huge and delicious , chicken tenders are crispy and huge as well .
1	their garlic cilantro sauce is worth driving from the other side of town for !
1	by far my favorite pizza !
1	staff was super friendly and the pizza was very good .
1	pure awesomeness !
1	we have officially found our new favorite place to eat out .
1	the young woman who did serve us was great .
1	we had a meat lovers pizza and it was very tasty .
1	best service .
1	best wings .
1	every time we come back the service gets better and better .
1	this place is a hidden gem and will not disappoint .
1	once seated you will experience great service and a lot of happy dining .
1	great for take out also .
1	we love our boys in blue !
1	and i highly recommend eating here as often as you can .
1	they are great .
1	and i am always so full i want to vomit .
1	a great little local 's spot with delicious wings and pizza .
1	best wings & pizza in henderson !
1	must have , travel hrs if you have to !
1	love this place .
1	our friends happened upon it through their business and highly recommended it .
1	the staff are very friendly as well !
1	the service and food was phenomenal !
1	love this place .
1	everything is amazing .
1	this is all around a super cool place for all occasions !
1	the food was excellent and priced competitive .
1	the food was superb and the service was stellar .
1	i ca n't wait to go back , i highly recommend this place .
1	great company for repairs on older boats .
1	kenny 's the best .
1	thx guys ... !
1	these guys are amazing , period .
1	this is amazing service and they are just as nice as they are fast .
1	my boat is running best it has in a long while .
1	check these guys out !
1	the staff is very friendly and prompt with your appointment time .
1	overall , a great dental practice .
1	i really recommend this place .
1	great job .
1	but definitely stop !
1	it 's just a great spot that thankfully has survived .
1	in a crazy place like walmart this was kindly unexpected but truly appreciated .
1	the owner is super sweet .
1	it 's super easy to get to as well .
1	she 's awesome !
1	love her .
1	she is super-friendly and very helpful .
1	i love jan 's !
1	it 's like a baker 's heaven !
1	the owner is friendly and made me feel very welcome .
1	it is well worth your time to visit and shop here .
1	i love this little candy shop .
1	worth the drive to old school henderson .
1	it cost more , but really worth it .
1	great selection , knowledge , and customer service .
1	some are even cheaper here , which is awesome !
1	the 30-45 min drive has been worth it every time !
1	i love this store and i love jan , the owner of the store !
1	this is definitely my go to place for anything cake or candy related !
1	thanks jan .
1	this place is amazing !
1	the staff is very helpful and friendly .
1	oh , the people here are very friendly to !
1	theater is well maintained and clean .
1	this place is a great local theatre .
1	yes please .
1	i will continue to come back here to check out movies .
1	the popcorn is freshly made and delicious !
1	my family and i love this place !
1	loved that i was able to see my movie in 3d !
1	it made the movie so much better !
1	the popcorn and snacks are awesome too !
1	staff if great and everything is reasonably priced .
1	love this place .
1	they have the best popcorn .
1	the arrangement was breathtaking .
1	i received a beautiful arrangement that smells wonderful .
1	amazing flowers .
1	thank you antique rose for always making special occasions that much more special .
1	this was the most beautiful arrangement that i have ever received .
1	i was blown away and my mom loved the arrangement .
1	helped with my anniversary !
1	awesome experience !
1	your business is adorable .
1	i appreciate you .
1	thank you for the great service !
1	the staff was pleasant to work with .
1	i love the guys at pep boys matt jared and dustin are amazing .
1	thanks guys !
1	as always , matt was terrific .
1	great job boys .
1	great job .
1	thanks !
1	matt is great !
1	good customer service !
1	thanks matt .
1	thanks again guys .
1	great job .
1	the customer service at this store is the best .
1	thank you again pep boys henderson !
1	price was reasonable as well .
1	i appreciate their honesty over at the henderson pep boys .
1	one of the best shops around .
1	this is a wonderful place to visit and shop .
1	a great place .
1	prices are competitive and usually always has a great inventory .
1	very nice even i did not show any intention to buy a gun .
1	will definitely buy again .
1	everyone i dealt with was really friendly and helpful .
1	highly recommend .
1	great drink prices and good for shooting pool and hanging out with locals .
1	fun place to check out !
1	good grub !
1	good prices !
1	highly recommend !
1	jerry ( reception ) and dave ( the exhaust guy ) are awesome guys .
1	beautiful !
1	thanks !
1	we are so glad we found the muffler shop !
1	great prices , speedy service , good customer service .
1	i was here yesterday and i must say i will recommend them to anyone .
1	an honest automotive shop !
1	i would recommend them to anyone who wants quality service and very competitive prices .
1	even my warranty work is done with them .
1	wow ... .
1	appointment was easy to make , service was very good .
1	they are honest , reasonably priced and great and what they do .
1	local and family-owned !
1	larry and joe came to my rescue and i thank god for them .
1	thank you , thank you larry and joe .
1	i would highly recommend this company !
1	i would definitely recommend their services to friends and family .
1	honest , hard-working , experienced service men .
1	decent service , decent food .
1	thank you dr. grant and your wonderful staff.
1	thank you !
1	beyond happy with my experience here and will be back !
1	when i pick up my dogs they look great and smell good .
1	awesome organization with friendly folks .
1	like their web site says , books are magical .
1	friendly down to earth amazing artists with reasonable prices .
1	very well kept and clean shop .
1	she is extremely talented and she took her time .
1	the food i had there was decent and tasted good .
1	nice dealers .
1	i had a hilarious visit here a few years ago .
1	classic !
1	we love frank the drink guy !
1	great people ... .
1	this is a great locals casino with a wide variety of slot machines .
1	they also run occasional poker tournaments .
1	delicious inexpensive egg breakfasts .
1	the customer service there is absolutely great .
1	these guys are amazing .
1	this is a family operation , every one is friendly .
1	the man at the front desk was very nice , very helpful !
1	i will be back guys thank you !
1	oh yea ... their bathroom was especially clean !
1	very convenient and great service !
1	great customer service .
1	exactly what we need in a _num_ hour town .
1	i found that at sun valley automotive !
1	nice to know there are still business 's out there that have a heart .
1	i will definitely use their services in the future .
1	these guys are by far the best in town !
1	keep up the good job !
1	the waiting room is loaded with great entertainment while waiting for your vehicle .
1	this alone speaks highly of the quality of service .
1	i will be one of those happy returning customers next time .
1	trustworthy and honest mechanics .
1	greeted by mike who had a very friendly and helpful demeanor .
1	great hours with good service .
1	thanks .
1	i 've been taking my boat here for years !
1	great service and high quality work !
1	i highly recommend adam and his crew !
1	amazing bartender .
1	good music .
1	cool hangout spot .
1	price wise it 's pretty reasonable .
1	quality was good , and the lobby was clean .
1	as good as it gets for mcdonald 's grub !
1	the people are very friendly too !
1	fast and efficient service and looks like it was done right the first time .
1	good to know there is another decent mechanic in the area .
1	highly recommend to others .
1	very knowledgeable and professional .
1	the work and detail is phenomenal .
1	i would definitely go back and would also recommend `` freak '' to others .
1	will be back !
1	good job guys ca n't wait to go back !
1	so happy i found this shop .
1	the shop is friendly and clean .
1	clean , neat and run by the book based on state law .
1	i will keep coming back here for work .
1	everyone was great .
1	great service .
1	jeremy did an amazing job on my first tattoo .
1	the staff is loving and caring and everyone is treated with respect and professionalism .
1	coaches are also great .
1	we love all that they have to offer or family .
1	karl was very carefully pick up my car .
1	will definitely use walker towing again and recommend them to all my friends .
1	he was very nice , speedy , and courteous .
1	thanks dennis !
1	we will be back and our dog is very happy , thanks to vca !
1	i would highly recommend vca black mountain !
1	you can tell he really cares for the animals .
1	thank you vca !
1	definitely the go-to 's for my family and i .
1	now my whole family uses them , they are very kind and competent .
1	what a great improvement to the front of my home .
1	also the price was very fair !
1	they can do anything that you can imagine and they are very accessible .
1	i was happy when i returned and was pleased with the overall job .
1	very competitive pricing and an extremely smooth project from start to finish .
1	the price for an overnight stay is reasonable .
1	the staff is caring .
1	the people are friendly and took great care of my `` boys '' .
1	we will definitely take our pets there again !
1	the staff is caring and my dog always seems well taken care of .
1	i definitely recommend having individual play time with staff .
1	i board my cats here and this place is seriously the best .
1	very satisfied with their service.
1	fantastic place to deal with .
1	would recommend to anyone .
1	they went above and beyond to make this ring perfect for me .
1	this place is perfect !
1	what a wonderful wedding !
1	and the food was outstanding !
1	we hung out in our car , listened to music and enjoyed our drinks .
1	uh , yes please .
1	theyre burgers are awesome !
1	their food is always cooked fresh and is delicious .
1	and everything comes quickly and with a smile .
1	it 's always busy when i come here and staff is usually very nice .
1	wonderful community .
1	it just has that older church feeling to it .
1	he is very sincere when he does the the mass .
1	amazing customer service and great tasting cakes .
1	the cake also tasted amazing too !
1	darlene darlene darlene you are the best at what you do !
1	all i can say is great product , very professional and an amazing heart .
1	wow .
1	thank you , darlene !
1	the tech was knowledgable , and professional .
1	i highly recommend carl 's air .
1	they do excellent work on time and on or under budget .
1	i had a very good experience with them .
1	thank you !
1	this is the best place to get pizza in all of henderson .
1	went in not expecting much and was pleasantly surprised !
1	that was sweet .
1	they are very knowledgable in tire and car specific tire needs !
1	we had the best experience we have ever had in any tire store !
1	honest answers .
1	the guys here are great people .
1	everyone is so friendly .
1	he is very down to earth and takes great care in a simple way .
1	i give it _num_ stars for entertainment value !
1	good flavor and not too much fat .
1	what a great little dive casino .
1	filled with locals and has good drink prices .
1	i 've eaten here many times over the years and every experience was excellent .
1	the food is always excellent and the staff is always friendly .
1	been coming here for the last two years , and i love it here .
1	the best and they leave you alone to eat .
1	world class .
1	seated us right away even with a smile .
1	i would recommend this to anyone .
1	the restaurant is clean with friendly staff and a good basic menu .
1	the service is always exceptional here !
1	love the relaxed pace here .
1	and food is fast and service is always great .
1	love this place !
1	the staff is great they always make me feel welcome there .
1	love it here .
1	amazing food amazing prices and amazing service .
1	super honest and i really trust them to do _num_ % !
1	highly recommend .
1	very efficient repairs .
1	i would highly recommend them to anyone needing help .
1	they are the very best at customer service .
1	their technicians are the best i have ever used .
1	i would recommend them to everyone i know .
1	they are very thorough and always take their time .
1	their priority is definitely their patients .
1	they always remember the small details and provide excellent care .
1	all doctors and staff are great !
1	great doctors you feel comfortable taking your kids to .
1	they really take care of you .
1	i felt very comfortable bringing my kids here .
1	the staff was friendly and efficient .
1	the is truly the last of the honest mechanics .
1	worth the wait !
1	worth the drive from anywhere !
1	his work is exceptional and consistent .
1	he is knowledgable and honest .
1	top notch all the way .
1	the most honest , reasonable and helpful place in the city .
1	thanks tom !
1	knowledgeable and friendly , will certainly be back if i have any other problems .
1	super family friendly and they give great proportions for great prices !
1	fried rice was also good .
1	great place for chinese .
1	great service , and food !
1	new owners !
1	a delicious chinese restaurant !
1	the girls who take our order every time we go are very nice .
1	nothing fancy here but always satisfies our cravings for chinese food .
1	i am totally pleased with it .
1	the service is also top notch .
1	quick service and friendly staff .
1	we have been to this place and , it has changed a lot !
1	i love it !
1	we 've eaten here a few times now and it is always delicious !
1	it is really enough just to find an honest mechanic , right ?
1	super friendly and he made my man look great .
1	the absolute best barber shop ever .
1	my daughter loves it here !
1	wonderful place with great teachers .
1	it 's great for gymnastics and all the other programs they offer .
1	staff is friendly despite it 's a zoo in the place on saturdays .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	she does not force them but stays upbeat and positive the whole class .
1	i love the general chicken .
1	what nice guys .
1	professional !
1	on a side note , they will be moving to a new location soon .
1	we wish them the best in their new space !
1	awesome job !
1	thank you !
1	i love this little gem .
1	craps game is nice though , friendly dealers .
1	good food in the cafe , friendly staff , comfortable feel .
1	breakfast lunch and dinner is phenomenal from here .
1	the food prepared here is done really professional .
1	this is one of my favorite local chinese joints .
1	they recognize you ask you about your family and make you feel very welcome .
1	the portions are huge so be prepared to take home the extra .
1	the sweet and spicy chicken is out of this world .
1	it has been consistent and good for years !
1	the service is fast and friendly .
1	they have good specials and decent food .
1	extremely tacky , but in the best way .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	this place is a must if you 're in henderson .
1	family owned restaurant !
1	it is very flavorful .
1	i loved it !
1	great place to order delivery from downtown .
1	the food has always been so good and the service is wonderful .
1	great dinner and service .
1	honest , great service , and saved me money .
1	best in the valley for damn sure !
1	those spuds are magical .
1	a solid choice for breakfast .
1	so i yelped and read about the omlet house .
1	the service was prompt and the food was above par .
1	the service is quick , friendly and easy .
1	awesome cowboy omelet !
1	and as others have said the banana nut and pumpkin breads are amazing .
1	the banana nut bread is worth the trip .
1	they have great staff !
1	my wife had the hashbrowns and said they were perfect .
1	classic breakfast place for locals and non chain lovers .
1	they have good basic dinner breakfast and great service .
1	the bread was warm and it came with soft whipped butter .
1	omelet house did not disappoint , and was worth the drive .
1	amazing food amazing service .
1	waitresses nice and fast .
1	thanks omelet house .
1	one of the best dive restaurants ever .
1	the food was great and the service was great .
1	food was very good .
1	good value .
1	they were pretty much right on .
1	my boyfriend loved it !
1	very goo quality food here .
1	i really enjoy this place for a sunday breakfast .
1	the staff are always friendly and the food is always fantastic .
1	i will have to agree that the food is quite delicious .
1	the food is awesome , the service is good .
1	the servings are huge and well worth the price .
1	coffee was great and they brought our pumpkin spice bread while we waited .
1	if you are looking for a place with good food this is it !
1	ask for terri , she 'll treat you right .
1	the prices are amazing for the amount and quality of food that you get .
1	their banana nut bread is amazing too .
1	any other choice on their menu is awesome too .
1	very happy to get you exactly what you want .
1	the chili verde omelet was wonderful .
1	huge omelet selection and the pancakes are delicious too .
1	the best part about this place is the service .
1	got ta love it .
1	best food and the waitresses are the sweetest .
1	service is great !
1	food is great too .
1	kitschy and consistent food and service !
1	love this place .
1	i loved them !
1	highly recommend the chile verde burrito .
1	honestly one of the best breakfasts i 've ever had !
1	a very friendly service , fair prices for very good foods .
1	one of the best places to get breakfast in henderson !
1	i will definitely return here , thanks again yelpers for the recommend !
1	portions are huge and the price is right .
1	the servers are friendly .
1	this place is great .
1	i love the fries and the omelette .
1	it really is a family restaurant like they say .
1	we will be back several times i 'm sure .
1	awesome food , and the portions are enormous !
1	but hey a cup of coffee and a good breakfast make my whole day !
1	huge portions and super friendly staff .
1	it 's our favorite breakfast restaurant in this area .
1	food has always been good and the service is fast .
1	this is my favorite breakfast cafe place .
1	the service is phenomenal .
1	it has become a tradition for us .
1	i found this gem and now ... .
1	i will make a trip here every time i come to town .
1	nice home feeling .
1	i have found my new guilty pleasure !
1	the service is friendly and its a busy restaurant which was a good sign .
1	the rye bread was fresh and full of flavor .
1	will definitely be back .
1	best breakfast i have had in a very long time .
1	they do present you with tough choices .
1	the food is consistently good and i count on it being the same .
1	and the spuds were so good !
1	i 'll be heading back here for a reliably good breakfast .
1	definitely competition for denny 's .
1	thank god we did .
1	best omelet we 've ever had , paired with the most amazing potatoes .
1	decent enough establishment with good service and good food .
1	loved it !
1	sooo good !
1	the food is always hot and delicious .
1	she did not have to do this and i thought it was so sweet .
1	it is definitely worth driving out to !
1	eat here on a regular basis .
1	cute and comfortable ambience and friendly attentive staff .
1	first , the staff was really friendly and attentive .
1	the service is also good .
1	well done omelet house !
1	i did twice !
1	fresh !
1	fresh !
1	fresh !
1	wow !
1	good is great .
1	waffles are delicious too .
1	the best breakfast i 've ever had in awhile .
1	great local joint .
1	the food is excellent and the service matches .
1	great food , great atmosphere , great people .
1	the bread warm and added butter to it .
1	biggest omelettes and a homey atmosphere !
1	this place is a gem for breakfast .
1	its awesome .
1	great consistency and always a friendly down home staff .
1	cute breakfast place .
1	great place for family and friends .
1	the food was amazing and portions were great .
1	but it is soooooo good you will .
1	yes , the decor is dated .
1	this is where i bring my entire family ... and now my extended family .
1	would recommend to family 's as well .
1	this place is almost always busy , which means it 's worth the wait !
1	loved the corn beef hash and pumpkin bread .
1	friendly & nice .
1	highly recommended .
1	this place is a well oiled machine !
1	food prices are really reasonable !
1	recommended for family and friends .
1	thanks guys !
1	he had the chili omlet which is soooo good .
1	i had the french toast special and it was delicious .
1	she is friendly to everyone without being fake .
1	we really enjoy their breakfast , coffee and delicious pumpkin bread !
1	this is my family 's and my favorite place to eat breakfast .
1	absolutely delicious .
1	absolutely the best omelets to provide me three meals in one !
1	and their banana bread they serve is amazing .
1	a family favorite in my household !
1	the food was as equally great .
1	wow !
1	the staff was extremely knowledgeable , professional and fast .
1	the waffles are awesome and the friendly service is great !
1	omg absolutely delicious !
1	the amazing banana nut bread is the second reason !
1	excellent staff !
1	they also have great fried zucchini , and starter salads .
1	the whole staff was awesome and great atmosphere !
1	i left happy , and will definitely be back !
1	thanks again beauty nail staff !
1	they do it right and they love what the do !
1	i am very happy .
1	this place is really great .
1	jackie is very sweet and i wish her nothing but success .
1	keep up the good work .
1	see you in _num_ weeks !
1	this place is amazing !
1	jackie did my gel mani , pedi , she was amazing as well .
1	everyone there is so nice and friendly !
1	i like these chicago style dogs better than costco or other shops .
1	this place is definitely a dive .
1	keep it up !
1	ordering can be a little awkward sometimes , but the food is worth it .
1	the fries are crisp and tasty too .
1	good chicago dog and great italian beef with sweet peppers !
1	everything i 've ordered from here is tasty .
1	loved the italian beef sandwich even more !
1	best chicago style italian beef and cheese fries in vegas .
1	fries were great .
1	highly recommend !
1	best italian beef in or out of chicago !
1	i got the hot dog which was so good and my husband the beef .
1	i like that they work fast so its great for lunch breaks .
1	by far the best hot dog stand in town .
1	the owner is down to earth and a really good guy .
1	thank you hot dog heaven !
1	hot & fresh .
1	my son loves to talk to the old guys that work the stand too .
1	just moved to the neighborhood and we will be coming back !
1	best hotdog in town .
1	friendly service and quick .
1	a very kind person .
1	the chicken was perfect and i loved the pot pie .
1	i 'll be back to this enterprise outlet .
1	thank you for a five star service .
1	i always have a good experience .
1	i would recommend them to anyone .
1	food took a bit , but it was good .
1	good !
1	i moved to downtown henderson recently and have fallen in love with this place .
1	an added bonus is when they hand out fresh made cookies to the players .
1	it 's a great small town casino !
1	so barbeque lovers be sure to check it out .
1	prices are good too .
1	foods great for the price .
1	small but `` charming '' in its own unique way !
1	the food at the cafe is surprisingly good and satisfying !
1	the players club is one of the best for a local casino .
1	breakfast is delicious and so are their steaks !
1	servers are always quick and and friendly and i love their french fries .
1	by far my favorite casino .
1	old vegas style service .
1	love the players rewards .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	so i had a very filling lunch .
1	best food and great prices !
1	they are usually very prompt , and take your order correctly .
1	i take my son there and he loves the french toast sticks .
1	most importantly , great time lines .
1	fausto 's is a great place that serves up quality mexican food .
1	wow for a `` chain '' this is soooo good !
1	i enjoy this place since its cheap and tasty !
1	great sauces and excellent food .
1	everything is made fresh , and it is always busy .
1	that 's the best , top it off with spices they have !
1	it 's so good !
1	really good food .
1	yeah , it 's that good .
1	definitely worth checking out .
1	the best i 've had ... and i 'm a refried beans snob .
1	i absolutely love the burrito 's here .
1	happy eats !
1	love the flavors and the food !
1	i 've come here a few times and it 's always pretty good .
1	but i always come back !
1	it was a very pleasant find .
1	carrots were crunchy and flavorful which is a must !
1	fausto 's is the absolute best place for mexican food in henderson .
1	the carne asada is delicious .
1	absolutely amazing .
1	their salsa is great !
1	the guys are very accommodating for special orders .
1	their breakfast burritos are great .
1	favorite spot for food by far .
1	the best carne asada and the best al pastor that you will find .
1	top notch food in a dive restaurant .
1	excellent choice as you 're driving back to vegas from hoover dam .
1	we were very pleasantly surprised !
1	and the pin drink is the best .
1	good , fast food .
1	pretty good , especially considering it was only $ _num_ .
1	my moms half mexican and we all think this place is great .
1	everything was great and much more authentic than a taco bell .
1	they stay open until midnight which is awesome , and great for drunk munchies .
1	go now , right now .
1	great chow .
1	and they are super nice .
1	so good .
1	now that is excellent service .
1	beautiful gifts , other than flowers too .
1	and my wife loves the new bouquet .
1	everyone is very friendly and it is never too busy .
1	great gym , helpful staff and never many people there which i love .
1	you can work out here and sweat .
1	its all so delicious and the help is nice !
1	really cute place !
1	such a fun secluded spot for a cafe !
1	the owner is very nice .
1	adorable , quaint little jewel in the center of water street district .
1	i 'm happy with that .
1	pretty decent food for the prices , very friendly staff .
1	great service .
1	great local small business .
1	the california sandwich is the best !
1	best chi in henderson .
1	fast and friendly service .
1	i will be eating here again soon !
1	excellent soup .
1	enjoyed being able to sit outside and eat lunch .
1	they are the best !
1	always friendly and have never had anything that was not good .
1	the california sandwich is amazing as well .
1	once you enter , the cafe it 's super cute with mid century decor .
1	we had california sub it was so fresh and such a large portion .
1	we ordered the california wrap and the waffle breakfast ... so good !
1	fast delivery !
1	i love the french dip and the breakfast sandwich on the bagels .
1	got the california wrap , and all i can say is wow !
1	super good !
1	amazing .
1	panini is amazing !
1	i love it so much , everything is awesome .
1	a great sunday breakfast getaway .
1	made to order , fresh , crisp veggies on the sandwich items .
1	nachos were surprisingly good too .
1	good customer service !
1	always great and friendly service .
1	staff is friendly and delivery is quick .
1	i absolutely love this place .
1	this place is the best .
1	i love the breakfast .
1	all fresh made food .
1	one of my favorite spots to go when i have time to grab breakfast .
1	my favorite are the wraps .
1	so cute .
1	the senior pueblo salad is amazingly tasty !
1	quaint , vintage , and value all in one !
1	great value & highly recommended !
1	and the help was really pleasant .
1	they also have an open kitchen which i always really like .
1	i will definitely definitely be back to give that a try as well .
1	place is legit !
1	coffee is pretty good too .
1	what a loyal , honest company .
1	will be recommending your company to everyone !
1	again another great job !
1	also , service managers do a great job of keeping me informed .
1	honest and up front with pricing and parts availability .
1	i would definitely recommend this shop and will return with future business .
1	all the staff were incredibly friendly .
1	this is the best mechanic i 've ever been to .
1	but so far , it 's been worth it .
1	mechanics are equally as honest .
1	they are just plain good people .
1	ginger j .
1	they are honest and trust worthy .
1	they always do great work at reasonable prices .
1	they also seem to be honest and trustworthy .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	then as if that is n't enough , they honor veterans with a discount .
1	i 'll definitely be using them going forward !
1	prices are competitive and the guys know what they are doing .
1	these are great people who stand behind their work _num_ % .
1	i recommend everyone to adams .
1	the people behind the counter are always very friendly .
1	seriously , the best donut shop ever .
1	these are the best donuts !
1	perfection in a donut .
1	hands down the most amazing donuts in the world !
1	they are always fresh and greasy .
1	best doughnuts ever .
1	all their donuts are made fresh and are sooooo tasty .
1	best doughnut i 've ever had in my life .
1	game , set , match .
1	best donuts at the best price .
1	still cash only and still some of the best donuts in town .
1	this place is the real deal i wish they would open more in town
1	best donuts in the valley .
1	they have a good selection , and the donuts are quite tasty .
1	go early for best choice !
1	the service is friendly and fast , and they provide a bakers dozen !
1	i love this donut joint .
1	this place is great !
1	the best donuts ive ever had .
1	the taste is delicious .
1	a coworker brought these in and they were sooo good !
1	delightfully doughy with a perfect amount of glaze .
1	it is family run and the donuts are always fresh .
1	great donut place compared to other places i 've been to !
1	fresh and flavorful .
1	they have a wide variety of freshly made donuts .
1	they have the best apple fritters i have ever had !
1	my family has been enjoying their favorite donuts for years from friendly donuts .
1	most delicious donuts in vegas !
1	great service and staff .
1	so for the first time i ordered a new donut , the crumb donut .
1	the service is great the people are great .
1	employees are friendly and polite .
1	because their that good !
1	definitely worth a trip though !
1	always fresh , always delicious .
1	they melt in your mouth and the price is right .
1	to die for !
1	the apple fritter was so good but the blueberry cake doughnut is the best !
1	the customers were very happy and all smiles .
1	was very pleasantly surprised after my first trip to friendly donut !
1	it 's very reasonably priced but make sure you bring cash !
1	so delicious , warm and fresh made just the way a donut should be !
1	thank you friendly donut house for being fast , friendly , and delicious !
1	the blueberry donuts were super good !
1	the apple fritters , maple bars and rainbow sprinkles are the best !
1	both were large , fresh and delicious .
1	my favorite is the sugar donut and crumb cake .
1	wow !
1	the best doughnut shot in this town .
1	the best donuts in henderson !
1	our third time getting donuts and they 're amazing !
1	donuts are fresh , they melt in your mouth !
1	you will be ecstatic !
1	our flowers were delivered to our hotel on time and in wonderful condition .
1	she showed up on our wedding day with the flowers and they looked amazing .
1	we had a great stay here .
1	the breakfast was good with homemade waffles .
1	stayed here for the second year in a row .
1	thanks for a great stay .
1	staff is really friendly .
1	this is a nice family hotel for s good price .
1	so the rooms are nice and spacious .
1	the rental was in excellent condition and ran great !
1	much better prices than anywhere on the water .
1	awesome family fun , worth every penny for a day out on the lake .
1	the jet ski rental was great and performed to its full potential .
1	very happy and will rent from them again .
1	i most honestly say these guys were awesome !
1	they 're always friendly and professional .
1	this place was simply awesome !
1	i 'll definitely be coming back !
1	this place had great service .
1	had a great day on the lake !
1	this place is awesome !
1	wound care facility is awesome !
1	the drs , nurses and staff are wonderful !
1	i highly recommended the college of southern nevada to everyone .
1	i absolutely love this school and all my friends that attend it !
1	wonderful school !
1	love love love this church ... ... .
1	i 'm grateful this church exists and has helped so many people .
1	there is an awesome band , with incredible singers and electric guitars .
1	amazing church .
1	they keep it real .
1	sweet music too .
1	i love coming to central every time i am in town !
1	i love central .
1	great services and lots of small groups .
1	they did soo good !
1	he is such a great teacher , and does n't judge me or anyone .
1	this was my first experience in a church back in _num_ .
1	love it !
1	this one looks promising .
1	great contemporary music and great messages !
1	central is a warm welcoming church .
1	henderson campus - spot on .
1	felt welcome from the moment i pulled in the parking lot !
1	if you are looking for a concert setting this church is for you .
1	i am so proud to call this place my church !
1	delighted whenever we pick up our clothes .
1	giving special attention to any spots .
1	so glad to be treated with respect .
1	you guys did a great job fixing my car .
1	you provided amazing customer service and great work .
1	you guys rock !
1	he got me back on track in record time !
1	great class .
1	good selection of shoes for me and women .
1	nice large bench square for trying on shoes .
1	pleasant and helpful staff .
1	i base my review on price but most of all on service !
1	my wife was so happy when we found this place .
1	great insurance through great people , i highly recommend this office .
1	highly recommended !
1	wonderful staff !
1	they did a great job with my teeth .
1	i recommend this location .
1	they are honest and inexpensive .
1	highly recommended .
1	nice people , clean office and everyone 's real helpful .
1	this is the best dentist office in las vegas !
1	the chair side manner is superb !
1	the office staff , hygienist , etc .
1	very professional and helpful .
1	they make you feel welcome and as if we are seeing old friends .
1	it is well worth trying it .
1	best potatoe cheese soup ever !
1	love it !
1	family friendly !
1	we have been twice and both times the food was excellent .
1	i had the irish pub eggs benedict and it was very good .
1	and the service was very good : quick and very friendly .
1	this is a great location .
1	they 're also really helpful in recommending meats that work well in specific recipes .
1	awesome !
1	i highly recommend jasmine express !
1	food was pretty good .
1	i think it 's the best dish they offer .
1	i love the beef combination pho soup !
1	i love jasmine express .
1	just right up the street .
1	the service and variety were fine .
1	they do a wonderful job of packing it up for take out .
1	save a trip from going to spring mountain .
1	helpful .
1	both were excellent .
1	service is excellent !
1	i eat it at least once a week !
1	i found it to be flavorful and i enjoyed every bite .
1	this was the best $ _num_ i ever spent !
1	me and my girlfriend come all the time , since we moved .
1	good food .
1	service is awesome !
1	good price and big portions .
1	tons of choices !
1	& they 're vietnamese coffee is yum !
1	first time here , better than i thought .
1	it 's a small place but the food and servers are nice .
1	pretty chill place .
1	everything was packed nicely and was still warm when i got home .
1	so it 's best to call in your order a head of time .
1	we finally went in the other day and it was excellent .
1	so good !
1	i always liked this chase but i like it even more now .
1	the bank is clean inside and the tellers have always been friendly towards me .
1	everything is perfect and my delivery guy was super nice !
1	let me tell you something chris customer service is awesome !
1	being able to customize your pizza is great .
1	i love it .
1	i 'll be see you for another trim next time im in town .
1	just basic layered cut .
1	cost was fair and job well done !
1	these folks are terrific !
1	two thumbs up !
1	it really is true , i love this place .
1	i definately will be bring my vehicles here for any work .
1	thanks !
1	nice guys .
1	honest mechanics .
1	best part : they did n't move my driver 's seat .
1	great guys over here.
1	glad to hear all the reviews and star ratings are accurate .
1	thanks guys !
1	and last week , yet again , they provided the most excellent customer service .
1	always bring our cars here .
1	good ppl good food .
1	our waitress , rebecca , was funny .
1	i absolutely love this place .
1	food is very good .
1	food is great .
1	they are awesome !
1	yay im a fan !
1	the best melt i have ever had .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	food prices are good , and the food is great .
1	ive been here a few times before and have always liked the service .
1	a great gaming bar with good drinks that are priced right !
1	it 's a great bar with a good vibe and sweet gaming .
1	great people !
1	fun atmosphere !
1	and really good grub !
1	fun atmosphere and great gaming .
1	clean and we 'll kept i found a home .
1	the bar staff is wonderful .
1	besides the staff being wonderful , the food here is pretty good .
1	something like this is great to put into your regular bar rotation .
1	my favorite is the italian .
1	the people who work here are the best !
1	thanks guys !
1	we have had our pool for _num_ years and love it .
1	highly recommend .
1	could be a bit cleaner on the inside .
1	how refreshing for fast food !
1	what an awesome bartender !
1	our server was sam and she was great !
1	friendly service , door hostess , and waitress who made great suggestions .
1	they always have great menu specials that 's easy on the wallet .
1	definitely try those two !
1	love this location .
1	unbelievable service by staff that will go beyond the call of duty ... .
1	nice place to stay if you have a pet .
1	i will continue to take our rings here .
1	they are so nice and helpful .
1	fantastic jeweler !
1	i 'm meeting with them about having it set in a cocktail ring !
1	thank you jeff and danny !
1	this is an incredible family business .
1	we 'll be loyal customers for as long as their doors are open !
1	thanks jeff !
1	i had never in my life seen a ring so gorgeous .
1	i recommend them to everyone i know !
1	great pool !
1	clean , well maintained facility .
1	staff is friendly .
1	kept clean .
1	the entire staff is top notch and professional .
1	they always remember me and my name .
1	they are friendly and personal .
1	dr. d is wonderfully compassionate and extremely knowledgable .
1	we are very happy with all the services and truly happy with our results .
1	dr d and his staff are simply amazing .
1	they extend personal lines of communication to help you with your journey .
1	so much love for dr d !
1	great service at this location .
1	good for them and good for their customers .
1	this store really knows how to make a customer feel appreciated .
1	great place all around !
1	what a great place .
1	welcome to sin city !
1	cross your fingers , bitches !
1	big props -- huge props for the free wifi .
1	crazy , huge airport with bright lights and slot machines and a tram .
1	they got burger kind and subway i know .
1	, good food ( wolfgang puck express ) , and slot machines .
1	it 's beyond me .
1	this to me is a very efficient airport .
1	win !
1	its pretty clean too .
1	yeah basically if you just want something to do you can play the slots .
1	love this airport .
1	it 's vegas after all !
1	amazing .
1	friendly employees ... easy to navigate at this airport .
1	virgin america has a pretty good check in system .
1	the food selection here is decent also .
1	quick and pleasant .
1	the facility is clean , efficient , and well organized .
1	the staff for the most part is friendly .
1	there are restaurants as well as fast food , which allows choice .
1	happy trails fellow travelers !
1	very well organized as far as security and signage .
1	the staff there is incredibly friendly .
1	the free wifi is always a plus .
1	this airport is by far easiest , most convenient .
1	wow !
1	like what other reviewers said , this airport screams `` welcome to vegas ! ''
1	yep ... slot machines everywhere .
1	very unique .
1	eh .
1	delta has priority member line & bag drop right there .
1	this is okay airport , mid size bit handling crowd well .
1	* slot machines !
1	small , easily accessible , clean , and all around fantastic .
1	it also has a good selection of places to eat .
1	yep !
1	i do enjoy the slot machines .
1	but the free wifi at mccarran was so great and the wait passed quickly .
1	it 's right there beside it .
1	i 'm happy with this airport .
1	easy to use , plenty of cabs to and from and plenty of seating .
1	there are plenty of places to eat .
1	it 's a newer airport , with tons of shops and restaurants .
1	hot .
1	the nice thing is that its close to the strip .
1	i 've got to love leaving vegas on a monday !
1	great airport all in all .
1	its perfect for writing your yelp reviews !
1	i found this to be a nice , well planned airport .
1	love the free wireless .
1	well , it 's an airport .
1	gates and baggage claim are fairly simple and easy to find .
1	i love mccarran airport .
1	decent airport .
1	i 've never lost a bag , so that 's good .
1	it 's easy to navigate and clean .
1	very easy !
1	it 's pretty easy to navigate .
1	so i came to this airport for the first time ever last month .
1	over all this is a great airport .
1	mccarran is clean and easy to navigate .
1	the security lines move along and are generally efficient .
1	clean , modern , well signed .
1	it 's a larger airport , but easy to navigate with signs .
1	pretty simple i say .
1	the baggage handling service was in one word , great .
1	thank god for the burger king in the back .
1	it 's easy to navigate .
1	they handle the massive traffic quite well .
1	the d gates are my favorite .
1	never had a problem here but it is built funny and its always packed .
1	the best way to get to vegas .
1	nobody likes going to the airport , it 's always a hassle .
1	easy in and out , plenty of signs for directions .
1	i usually fly southwest and appreciate the layout .
1	the parking structure is pretty nice and easy too .
1	the airport is great though .
1	free wifi everywhere .
1	welcome to vegas !
1	but it is quite efficient - for americans anyway .
1	that alone gives it at least _num_ stars .
1	its also convenient , easy to travel through , and well ... fun !
1	if i could give it more stars , i most definitely would !
1	kudos mccarran !
1	four stars is definately perfect because i am a fan .
1	little airport , big fun ... .
1	it 's kept clean .
1	an international airport that is always clean and organized .
1	all in all , las is a cool airport !
1	what can i say , it is definately a beautiful terminal .
1	this new terminal is gorgeous .
1	i 'm impressed .
1	one of the most efficient airports i have ever visited .
1	the taxi lines here are also quite efficient .
1	beautiful airport with new renovations .
1	new upgrades recently are very nice .
1	good luck !
1	made it nice to be able to see everything there was to offer .
1	everything in this airport is well labeled and easy to find .
1	they have a shuttle for everything and they all run smoothly .
1	there 's a lot of food and drink options available .
1	everything is nice and shiny and new .
1	vegas !
1	it 's a nice airport , lots of walking .
1	the baggage claim area is also quite large , but , effective .
1	fun though !
1	welcome to sin city .
1	this airport is awesome !
1	the new terminal _num_ is lovely .
1	at least the baggage claim area is interesting to look at while waiting .
1	the rental car shuttle is efficient and fast .
1	really nice !
1	nice new wing of the airport !
1	great airport when compared to others in usa .
1	i love this airport because it 's las vegas .
1	free wifi and they fly jet blue into long beach .
1	you get through security and the gates are right in front of you .
1	you know , mccarran suits me just fine .
1	wow , this is a nice addition to our local airport .
1	good luck !
1	plus arriving here is just the best feeling in the whole world .
1	but the airport is good .
1	good thing i got the later flight .
1	mccarran is an easy airport to navigate .
1	mccarran continues to improve on an already great start .
1	as other reviewers have noted the people watching here is exceptional .
1	i definitely approve of the airport .
1	i go , i fly , i come back , i go home .
1	it serves its purpose .
1	the united lounge was gorgeous with a great view of vegas and the desert .
1	a nice assortment of restaurants and of course you can gamble here .
1	i love the new terminal !
1	just turn around in one spot and you 'll see _num_ .
1	the people that work at the air port are very friendly .
1	it is very clean and there are plenty of shops and restaurants .
1	beware of the taxi stand on certain busy days !
1	it is truly a one of a kind !
1	that 's about as good as it gets for modern air travel .
1	this is a pretty easy airport to navigate .
1	there are several places to eat and get coffee .
1	but , damn !
1	an airport is an airport , what can i really say .
1	best to come and leave opposite of the mad crowd !
1	i liked it !
1	lots of quality people watching .
1	tsa pre rocks here .
1	the main terminal is well laid out .
1	also , i won $ _num_ while waiting for my plane .
1	i 'm impressed thus far !
1	i recommend the shuttle .
1	_num_ bucks to the strip .
1	as far as airports go , this is one of the cleaner ones .
1	the security line is rarely busy , and tsa are nice .
1	they have some good eats .
1	what a great way to start a vacation !
1	whether you are coming or going , the passenger flow seems to move efficiently .
1	yep , it 's one of my favorites !
1	you can absolutely live in this airport !
1	so convenient and easy to access everything .
1	nice amenities , always quick through security just arrive a little early .
1	but that 's pretty much goes along with just vegas itself .
1	i love this airport !
1	this is a very fun airport .
1	it is really easy to navigate this airport for the size of it .
1	super clean , huge airport .
1	it 's super easy to navigate as well .
1	good set up .
1	could do with a bit more serious dining , but such is life .
1	this airport is very well ran !
1	that is the # _num_ reason that this airport is the best !
1	i love vegas !
1	every time i 've been here it 's been so easy to fly !
1	just a well run airport .
1	location , location , location !
1	this airport is easy to navigate through and there are plenty of bathrooms .
1	great shops and restaurants while you wait .
1	pretty good airport , easy to navigate .
1	pretty big airport .
1	keep up the good work .
1	they have done a great job remodeling and upgrading it .
1	it 's nice and clean .
1	taxi lines are relatively fast and so are the tsa lines .
1	and southwest is the best !
1	there 's also always a lot of taxis around , which helps a lot .
1	all in all this is definitely one of the better airports in the country .
1	the tsa security lines are efficient and food options are decent .
1	but it is , perhaps , the end of the beginning .
1	the airport is huge , clean and tsa is surprisingly very nice .
1	security line was much better than in the past .
1	yay , vegas !
1	cool airport , slots and all .
1	i find the vegas one fairly decent .
1	it 's clean with wide halls and also easy to find bathrooms .
1	the food vendors are decent .
1	for an airport this busy , during the holidays , service was great !
1	and clean !
1	it 's always clean and brand new .
1	i enjoy seeing the different food eateries and shops .
1	it 's amusing that there are slots in the terminals .
1	great airport close to the strip .
1	very easy to follow the signs and take the train to baggage claim .
1	arriving at the airport is pretty cool .
1	wow !
1	good job lv
1	love to have options .
1	great place to be stranded for six hours .
1	there 's a tram to get you to the right terminal .
1	lovely .
1	easy .
1	pretty clean .
1	basically a well oiled machine .
1	traffic flow is perfect .
1	it 's one of the most beautiful drives ever !
1	it was really unique and cool to see slot machines in an airport !
1	do n't have much more to say , but wow .
1	such an inviting and welcoming gate to enter to .
1	slot machines everywhere !
1	surprised to see how far you have to walk between terminals ( i.e .
1	very professional .
1	made our trip a very easy process , thanks !
1	awesome !
1	cant wait to see you again mccarran international !
1	i love that !
1	very pleasant airport experience !
1	slot machines are still everywhere but it is vegas !
1	actually i really like this airport .
1	there like the same , so clean and new .
1	pretty clean airport and easy to get to your gate !
1	even the tsa are nice & helpful ( which is extremely rare ) !
1	it has definitely changed a lot .
1	it 's so easy to do .
1	i love how it 's set up as well .
1	mind blowing !
1	thank you .
1	this airport is small but very easy to navigate .
1	i especially like the presence of the slot machines here as well .
1	what i love the most is that checking in is always a breeze .
1	most important !
1	nice airport , clean , friendly .
1	it 's extremely clean and the staff are very helpful .
1	wow this airport is always busy !
1	security is fast and friendly .
1	you can see the vegas strip from some areas inside .
1	all in all very well laid out and very clean .
1	also , a liquor store right by baggage claim !
1	pretty nice airport .
1	plenty of space and plenty of food options .
1	the airport is pretty clean .
1	now it 's quite modern with free wifi and many options .
1	i love mccarran .
1	amazing wifi , helpful staff .
1	best airport i 've ever been to .
1	one of my favorite airports in the us .
1	it 's always been clean and easy to get around .
1	mccarran airport overall is well laid out and modern .
1	i always win when i play the slots here !
1	i found this airport very easy to fly in and out of .
1	there 's free airport wifi that 's pretty good .
1	that was interesting !
1	nice staff .
1	very nice place !
1	once you get through security , this is a good airport .
1	you see a ton of crazy things .
1	the airport is much improved as far as food and electronic charging options .
1	i love that they added new restaurants .
1	there are a lot of shops and places to eat .
1	they were always upbeat and genuinely seemed like they enjoyed their job .
1	more than happy to continue flying with them .
1	southwest makes traveling so easy .
1	they 're a solid airline , you know what to expect from them .
1	they will greet you with a smile and try to make you feel comfortable .
1	so that 's a big bonus .
1	i try my very best to us southwest .
1	i love southwest .
1	there was plenty of room on the flight as well .
1	southwest , you make me very happy !
1	seats are alright .
1	quick and simple check in !
1	i 'm excited to look up tickets for my next trip !
1	please get tv 's on your new planes .
1	pay the extra $ _num_ for early bird check in and enjoy your travels .
1	thanks for a great flight .
1	this company is really great to work for .
1	the snacks on board were good as well .
1	now that 's service !
1	always satisfied with southwest !
1	the staff is super friendly .
1	i love the fact that two bags fly free !
1	sweet !
1	so far so good !
1	my favorite airline of all time .
1	thank you !
1	great job !
1	southwest is a must for most all frequent travelers .
1	thank you again for returning my wife safe & sound .
1	prices are very reasonable .
1	short flight from las vegas to san francisco , which make me happy .
1	the service is great here .
1	spacious seats .
1	the flight attendants treated us so well and the plane was awesome .
1	the flight attendants are fun and much nicer than others i 've flown with .
1	boom i 'm sold !
1	southwest staff is usually fantastic and today is no different .
1	miss cookie took great care of us !
1	i always enjoy flying southwest and love field has a great newly remodeled airport !
1	for most airlines , you only get good service if you fly first class .
1	the seats are spacious and comfortable .
1	if you buy your ticket in advance , you can get a great deal .
1	we love it !
1	it 's all around a great airline !
1	the snacks are always generous .
1	both filled with happy and helpful gate agents and flight attendants .
1	for an airline today , southwest is pretty good .
1	vegas southwest is full of slot machine .
1	nice not to have to pay additional fees for bags and included in price .
1	low cost and excellent service .
1	i just love southwest !
1	always wonderful customer service and funny flight crew .
1	i honestly and truly believe that southwest is the best airline in america !
1	highly recommend !
1	just overall turned a negative into a positive !
1	love this airline !
1	_num_ bags per person fly free , excellent customer service and great rates !
1	your service is absolutely a m a z i n g .
1	amazing service !
1	overall , it 's a great airline and i prefer to always fly southwest .
1	favorite american airline .
1	keep up the good job southwest !
1	more restaurants will be open in the sw terminals and that will be good .
1	great airline and awesome employees !
1	always a pleasure flying southwest airlines .
1	it 's super bowl sunday so it 's all good .
1	love love southwest airlines .
1	thank you for providing excellent services to make my traveling easy & more fun !
1	service is usually friendly and moves relatively quickly .
1	above ( no pun intended ) and beyond gracious and kind .
1	my favorite airline .
1	nice and cozy .
1	plenty of associates and quick to take care of business .
1	cars are in great shape here as well .
1	bree was cool !
1	best cut i have had in a long time .
1	daniel is an asset to super cuts .
1	she also does my hair color and always pays attention to what i want !
1	make sure you have your paperwork with you , though .
1	have a great vacation !
1	not only is this place super fast , but their customer service is great !
1	when i brought the car back , it was a quick and easy experience .
1	simple and easy .
1	i love to eat here !
1	they should keep it opened an hour longer , though .
1	this is a handy location with starbucks next door .
1	fast service and pretty good bagels .
1	she makes you feel at home .
1	mom was pleased , as was i .
1	great place for some morning coffee n food !
1	best bagels in town .
1	the staff is very friendly and make me fee good when i come in .
1	hope it stays this way .
1	there are some extremely good deals if you check the weekly ad .
1	they have very friendly service and always cut your hair like you ask .
1	i also got the groupon but had an excellent experience !
1	they were all highly recommended and reputable .
1	she listens to her clients ' wishes and offers great suggestions .
1	joni is truly a professional .
1	she uses high quality color .
1	i 'm very happy with my color and cut !
1	joni is the most amazing color specialist !
1	i have never had color this beautiful !
1	love joni !
1	she is a pro with years of experience .
1	joni fixed me up and i have received many compliments on the rich color .
1	fabulous !
1	after she was done , i loved it .
1	it 's a nice helpful discount .
1	it 's a really great concept .
1	truly happy with finding jodi , i will be referring friends .
1	thank you , joni !
1	joni is the best .
1	joni did a great job .
1	i 'm very impressed with how joni cut my hair .
1	and highly recommend them to others .
1	i love this place .
1	amazing service .
1	i will definitely return should i ever need help with anything legal .
1	well worth it .
1	wow , you are amazing.
1	mr. kenny you are the best and know you business .
1	amazing staff and definitely worth the money .
1	great doing business with them .
1	excellent !
1	i will recommend him to my friends , family and clients !
1	i 'm happy : ) i highly recommend this place .
1	thank you craig i really appreciate you .
1	i rarely write reviews , but one is certainly in order .
1	they made the whole process easy and pain free .
1	i would highly recommend them to anyone !
1	i went once and had so much fun .
1	efficient , friendly and responsive .
1	very happy with my experience here !
1	tanya was the best !
1	thanks craig .
1	professional and responsive .
1	the whole process was super quick and easy !
1	this is the best place to go to , look no where else !
1	cpk took care of my ticket , best news i got this morning !
1	thank you so much !
1	so so happy !
1	i highly recommend craig p kenny & associates .
1	wow , what a great experience !
1	thank you , so very much , for the help !
1	pretty good .
1	soooo good .
1	i love their korean chicken as well as the local plate .
1	the saimin is good and this place beats anything we have in la .
1	stop there when you get a chance and enjoy the food .
1	the combination plates are the best and the staff is really friendly .
1	the chicken is very tender and i think everyone loves the potatoe salad .
1	i would definitely come eat here again .
1	not necessarily for the quality of food , though it is good .
1	it 's great that at breakfast you can order anything on the menu .
1	i also enjoy their mac salad .
1	highly recommended .
1	get anything , it 's good , that 's it .
1	this place has the best saimin , even better than hawaii .
1	they also serve breakfast , lunch and dinner .
1	food is great !
1	surprisingly enough one always did by the time your food was ready .
1	delicious authentic hawaiian food .
1	i love their cheeseburger .
1	i enjoy places that provide a great value for the money spent on food .
1	food was great !
1	i had to try the loco moco and it definitely did not disappoint !
1	it was all delicious .
1	great traditional hawaiian fare .
1	bonus , the casino was actually clean and nice ... ... .
1	everything on the menu is delicious and affordable .
1	i love the aloha bento here which has pretty much everything on it .
1	love this place and just the casual atmosphere !
1	i really love the garlic chicken here .
1	i used to work at l & l and i love this place more .
1	on of my favorite places to eat hawaiian food !
1	great food , low-key atmosphere .
1	very good and very filling .
1	no trip to vegas is complete without a meal here !
1	i love saimin and this place has a great kimchi saimin bowl !
1	a lot of the locals come here .
1	food was good like usual !
1	not only is the food great ... but their portions are generous !
1	i really recommend the korean beef and korean chicken combo !
1	the smaller wonton min portion is huge and the mac salad is delicious .
1	you will definitely eat well and leave with a nice food baby .
1	i have never been disappointed with the food and the service is great too .
1	the staff were also very friendly .
1	their mac salad was good .
1	hits the spot everytime .
1	this is my most favorite hawaiian restaurant .
1	the loco moco was very tasty , according to my wife .
1	great place for hungover the next day .
1	the food is still delicious , and the food gets to your table fast .
1	spam , eggs , and rice was delish !
1	huge portions and good price .
1	all good .
1	not healthy , but a satisfying meal .
1	it was kinda fun to tell you the truth .
1	this place offers amazing and affordable food !
1	the food is really fresh and authentic !
1	the line was long , but moved quick .
1	the eggs for the loco moco over medium is done very well .
1	long lines but worth the wait .
1	must be that good , right ?
1	by far the best hawaiian food in town .
1	always yummy .
1	staff is great .
1	comfort food at its best .
1	seriously the perfect dessert after having the korean chicken here !
1	always great service , friendly owners and delicious food !
1	always has great service and terrific prices too .
1	best local hawaiian style food in vegas !
1	i always eat here when i 'm in vegas .
1	good hearty asian style breakfast , brunch , lunch .
1	chicken , good.
1	fast service !
1	delicious hawaiian food with massive portions for sharing .
1	a place for local food from hawaii .
1	plenty of locals here from hawaii and they still come and pack the place .
1	the food is always fresh and delicious .
1	friendly service , very decent portions and tasty food .
1	nice change of pace !
1	i also enjoy the mahi plate .
1	the aloha bento is best , also try the korean chicken !
1	this place is the real deal !
1	its a homestyle spot with all of hawaii 's best .
1	the best thing on the menu is the korean chicken !
1	great food & awesome people .
1	this place is phenomenal !
1	love it .
1	great place for locals and tourists alike !
1	i love places that our _num_ % authentic .
1	wow , this place has really good local style food .
1	it reminds you of being there and the people are just as friendly .
1	it 's worth the drive to downtown that 's for sure .
1	but it 's amazing !
1	food was very good , like home style .
1	very good comfort food .
1	price was fair for good , wholesome hawaiian food .
1	it was great !
1	this is a must place to eat if you enjoy hawaiian food !
1	the noodles are fresh and flown in from hawaii !
1	delicious comfort food .
1	i loved this place .
1	they all taste very good with an especially generous amount of rice .
1	i love the friendly faces you see when you enter the place .
1	so good !
1	i would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a great hawaiian restraunt .
1	they always give generous portions so it 's perfect for sharing .
1	visa and master cards accepted .
1	so you know it must be good .
1	but this place can be pretty crowded but it is well worth it !
1	this is the spot to go !
1	i had the salmon teriyaki and it was delicious !
1	quality was good and it was filling .
1	good local food from hawaii .
1	it 's a more cafeteria style service but the food here is great .
1	best two hawaiian places in las vegas .
1	i love their mac salad ... it has so much flavor .
1	this place is a true hidden gem !
1	the saimin was perfect for a chilly day and very filling .
1	i also got the mac salad ( yum ! )
1	a true locals establishment .
1	love this place - such a gem .
1	love the food , service is good .
1	but it 's worth it !
1	this restaurant is my favorite .
1	a hidden gem , and by hidden i mean from the tourist .
1	they also have a great customer service !
1	valet was great and fast .
1	the casino 's pretty good .
1	good poker room downstairs .
1	great place to stay , a classic , and for a great price .
1	i loved this place .
1	not only are all the girls super sexy and talkative but their all sweet .
1	we had a really good time .
1	i have never stayed here , but always enjoyed visiting and gambling .
1	fun , double check .
1	i love downtown .
1	free slot play is incredibly entertaining , although i doubt anyone ever wins anything .
1	a couple of the dealers were so much fun , and had great personalities .
1	the staff are genuinely friendly .
1	i love the free picture , the location , and the steak house .
1	best casino in vegas , loved it .
1	ive won a good amount of money here .
1	the bartenders were all cool and fun guys and kept my beers full .
1	i like to have fun and make people smile , thats my job .
1	love this casino !
1	great place for people watching , check .
1	fun free photo .
1	fun experience and nice hotel/casino staff .
1	friendly staff and great food at the cafe .
1	you get pretty dealers who are super nice and fun .
1	great drinks and a old school gambling atmosphere .
1	it is so classic and is probably real .
1	dealers were fun and friendly the way it should be .
1	was very entertaining !
1	fun old school style casino .
1	the patrons were really friendly and we met some interesting characters .
1	fun time drinking in north vegas with the interesting characters !
1	if you have a kid , definitely bring them here .
1	it is really funny to watch people with long hair .
1	this place is great !
1	cool museum for kids to play and learn !
1	the kids loved it .
1	however , i had an excellent stay !
1	we found our neighborhood vet !
1	so i will continue taking future cats there as well .
1	doctor henderson is amazing .
1	he is very knowledgeable and has dedicated his life to the care of animals .
1	my girlfriend took me there for valentines day and it was perfect .
1	my best friend found chicago joe 's here on yelp .
1	the food and service were exceptional .
1	love love this place , the creamy garlic dressing the the absolute best !
1	they treat you like family here !
1	it 's a small , homey place , but the food is fantastic !
1	this place is so tiny !
1	yum yum !
1	i met both the chef and owner and will definitely be back for more .
1	reasonable prices and attentive staff .
1	we had a nice time .
1	the eggplant parm was very good !
1	i enjoyed it alot .
1	best restaurant experience in years of visiting vegas .
1	was a pleasant surprise we went with friends before a play at smith center .
1	quaint small italian restaurant .
1	we loved the atmosphere and wait staff .
1	my family is italian so this was the true test .
1	we had an amazing dinner here with a big group .
1	it truly was amazing and they did n't over charge for the dish .
1	the staff is wonderful , food is flavorful and so delish .
1	i love that it 's not a chain and has its own unique feel .
1	you feel like you are over for dinner at a good friend 's home .
1	good service , parking is in the back .
1	highly recommended .
1	what a great little restaurant in downtown las vegas .
1	basic italian food done well .
1	excellent food and service in a warm environment , had the chicken parm .
1	i love this place and what great service .
1	honestly ca n't go wrong ordering anything off the menu .
1	i love the atmosphere here and the food !
1	i really enjoy the smaller portion menu available before 6:30 .
1	wonderful atmosphere , great service and delicious food .
1	the lobster joe was enough for two and was cooked perfectly .
1	with authentic italian cooking .
1	wonderful .
1	we 'll absolutely be back !
1	absolutely the best service and food !
1	authentic italian food with lots to choose from and daily specialties .
1	had a great meal !
1	i will make this a regular spot awesome guys !
1	a hidden gem !
1	this place is nostalgic and delicious all in one !
1	our server was super friendly and the food came out super fast .
1	this place is definitely a must to go to if you are here !
1	this place is las vegas 's best kept secret .
1	first , the food is delicious .
1	the owner , joe , is super nice and his staff is wonderful .
1	genuinely nice people !
1	this is an awesome restaurant .
1	the waiters are very professional .
1	the food is fantastic and reasonably priced .
1	i mean this was amazing , love the atmosphere .
1	very consistent .
1	fantastic off the strip experience .
1	i loved everything about this place ; environment and food .
1	i definitely want to come here more often .
1	he is so good and makes for a very good experience .
1	hands down one of the best kept secrets in the downtown area .
1	all made fresh , in-house and it tasted like it .
1	prepared well .
1	very very good !
1	creamy garlic dressing is amazing .
1	the food was mouth watering delicious all the way to the freshly baked bread .
1	the service was also fantastic .
1	this place is a great old fashioned barbershop .
1	the best tamales on the planet .
1	i love this place .
1	the chicken is so finely chopped that it literally melts in your mouth .
1	the sauces are also fantastic .
1	the guacamole dip is also delicious and huge for the price .
1	in the past the menudo here has been great .
1	i always come here before heading to work .
1	i loved can i say i loved the tamales .
1	i loved every bite .
1	it was a little pricey but well worth it .
1	these tamales are amazing !
1	bathrooms decent .
1	i am a real tamale fan and theirs were great .
1	a family favorite years .
1	love it !
1	husband got a beef burrito which was super moist and juicy too .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	i really appreciate when staff is friendly .
1	highly recommend !
1	good design as we walked in .
1	full range of dishes to choose from and the horchata is on tap !
1	awesome place to come if your in the strip and craving them tamales !
1	the staff are very friendly and are gladly available for your assist .
1	very moist and they definitely load up on the meat !
1	beautifully decorated .
1	this place rocks .
1	they give you free chips and salsa .
1	we will definitely be visiting again when we revisit vegas as couple .
1	this part of downtown las vegas has seen better times .
1	best ever .
1	best restaurant meal i have had in vegas and i eat out often .
1	we are from san diego so we love our mexican food .
1	great tamales !
1	wonderful service both times !
1	definitely coming back !
1	chips and salsa are excellent as well .
1	great service and wonderful food .
1	i had the shrimp soup and it was excellent .
1	last night my husband and i stopped and it was as delicious as always .
1	their chips and salsa are great .
1	the places on the strip suck !
1	service is great place is clean and prices are awesome .
1	love the food and the service .
1	they have the best shrimp cocktail i have ever eaten !
1	this is the greatest source of gambling books in america , bar none .
1	ole !
1	the food is delicious .
1	; sometimes the best places are !
1	go here for lunch ; you 'll be back !
1	the atmosphere is great and the food superior .
1	i love the enchilada 's with red sauce .
1	wow .
1	he loved it as much as i do .
1	so i have a natural love for this place just due to the memories .
1	it is the perfect hole-in-the-wall restaurant .
1	authentic mexican food with plenty of parking at their private parking lot .
1	thanks for the memories !
1	inside was beautiful !
1	but really , the food !
1	we left completely satisfied and full of their good , good food .
1	staff was very helpful and nice .
1	i thoroughly enjoyed stopping in here and found some great gifts .
1	kinda sketchy from the outside , but this store is actually cute !
1	what can i say , this place is a very cool place .
1	i felt the price was fair and the quality of work was very good .
1	thanks brownies !
1	good fun .
1	my family loves the bay city restaurant within the casino area .
1	drinks at the bar are inexpensive , and the gaming is fun .
1	this place was great for us .
1	we have been to the strip and experienced the huge casinos and huge bills .
1	i do recommend the shrimp cocktail .
1	but we always eat in the diner .
1	how can you have fun at this place ?
1	easy !
1	i love what they did with the place .
1	the dealers are awesome and the music and dancing girls are entertaining .
1	loved the soup and went back the next day to pick up some more .
1	it was true !
1	loved the time i had at this old downtown casino !
1	also the shrimp cocktail was great .
1	but this place i love !
1	you will need to enjoy old school vegas to appreciate the charm .
1	it 's historic and the staff is nice .
1	there are some photos also of more modern interest .
1	and their homemade potato chips are pretty damn good too .
1	gambling is more fun here than any spot downtown .
1	best shrimp cocktails and bar in town !
1	the casino was kept super clean , even with its vintage decor .
1	i will definitely be back here to gamble next time !
1	sometimes good things really do come in small packages !
1	this place is totally fun !
1	all in all a great place to let loose .
1	check it out .
1	for a small casino on fremont street this place got it right .
1	i loved it !
1	awesome room , nice decor , great price .
1	place is great for gaming .
1	good place for a good time .
1	everything was super clean and maid service was performed regularly .
1	always fun and in the middle of fremont street experience .
1	it 's the best !
1	the golden gate is a fun hotel right in the action of fremont street .
1	this place is such a hidden gem .
1	great suite room with reasonable price !
1	the suite was really nice and had free water and coffee .
1	it was the most comfortable bed .
1	treat yourself to a great sub today !
1	love this store !
1	delicious sandwiches , the price is right , and very friendly people .
1	at least my buddy will be happy !
1	dude .
1	it 's by far the best thing i 've ever purchased in vegas .
1	it 's so cool to see that this place has survived since then .
1	great job guys .
1	very polite and hard working in the vegas heat !
1	top notch service , very clean and well maintained facility despite rough neighborhood .
1	it was very clean and cozy .
1	perfect for the price , the room was clean .
1	fremont street is within walking distance which is great .
1	i love this place .
1	thanks and hope to see you again .
1	really neat old church converted to a restaurant .
1	volunteers and staff take the dogs for walks at least once a day .
1	the cats were healthy and playful .
1	very clean & sanitary .
1	i am very impressed with this facility .
1	cant wait to pick him up and give him a name tomorrow !
1	friendly and helpful staff .
1	clean and well kept spaces for the pets .
1	we found the perfect little girl for our family .
1	the foundation is clean , has great staff and is organized .
1	the facility is large and kept very clean .
1	i will recommend this place to all my friends and family .
1	it 's close to home and the prices are great !
1	they were also very quick at taking care of business !
1	thank you animal foundation !
1	the volunteers were very nice and the process was smooth .
1	you can even get a tour of the place .
1	thanks for everything animal foundation .
1	they make it an easy and painless process .
1	friendly workers and volunteers who 'll help you take a look at any animal .
1	thank you , thank you .
1	we are treated great , paperwork is handled quickly and shots etc are efficient .
1	the volunteers here are amazing .
1	full of energy & so friendly !
1	pleased with this animal clinic .
1	best of all , everyone was very pleasant !
1	i then adopted a dog there as well and had a great experience .
1	this place and the quality of the donuts is by far the best .
1	will make a trip back soon .
1	great tasting , good selection , and friendly service .
1	best donut chain !
1	there was a huge line inside so we decided to give it a try .
1	good variety and decent service .
1	i definitely recommend .
1	many interesting displays and it was a joy to walk through .
1	for _num_ bucks a person , this was well worth .
1	it 's definitely worth a visit once a year .
1	my daughter who is _num_ and a half loved it .
1	and my daughter loved the ocean exhibit .
1	they have an excellent educational program , with very knowledgable instructors and docents .
1	the most attractive are those stuffed wildlife animal .
1	just the right size for a family with young children but interesting for everyone .
1	the employees were all very polite as well .
1	definitely worth checking out !
1	fun museum to visit with the family .
1	the museum is smaller than la museums but it packs a powerful punch .
1	also a great learning experience .
1	i had fun playing with some of the interactive exhibits as well .
1	very much worth the time , money and effort .
1	one of the best museums i have ever been to .
1	the content is amazing .
1	go and experience it .
1	great exhibits with or without the kids .
1	we had a great time .
1	we always have a fun time walking around and exploring the exhibits .
1	the inside was actually really nice and was great for kids !
1	there were a lot of interactive exhibits that kept the kids really entertained !
1	this is a great museum for kids of all ages .
1	we go again and again and its always fun .
1	great place to take the family .
1	we really enjoyed the museum and the staff is so nice and friendly .
1	the roman stuff was really interesting to me , as well .
1	fun place to take my children .
1	a lot of great exhibits .
1	i 've always had fun at this downtown dive bar .
1	they have such a wide range of music and events .
1	this place is a lot divey .
1	decent sized room to see bands who nobody 's ever heard of ... yet .
1	perfect for a local band , and the cajun fries are n't bad either .
1	food is very nice of here .
1	i always feel relax coming here .
1	your experience will vary !
1	food is pretty damn good and average in price .
1	the courtyard outside is a great space to chill on a warm vegas night .
1	so thankful to have another cool place to chill downtown las vegas .
1	hannah is the best super fun and gorgeous red hair !
1	everyone is very friendly .
1	the clientele was young , cool and friendly .
1	service is great and the venue is quaint and inviting .
1	so good !
1	amazing food !
1	( seriously , their food is impressive . )
1	total dive feel but nice and clean with great music coming through this spot .
1	awesome local bar in downtown las vegas .
1	it 's an all around great place to drink and have a good night .
1	perfect with their bloody mary .
1	seeing as this place was recently renovated -- it 's a pretty cool spot .
1	a great place for seeing some local bands or even out of towners .
1	the area around it is very clean .
1	great stuff i mean it ; s the real deal !
1	their food is delicious !
1	i love their ceviche .
1	knowledgeable , straightforward , compassionate .
1	i know these guys take great care of thier customers .
1	i highly recommend using express .
1	thank you express bail .
1	thank you express for saving my best friends wedding !
1	such great support and i can not thank them enough for the hard work .
1	great haircut for $ _num_ .
1	great little barber shop , great haircut .
1	the barber shop has not been remodeled but the guy keeps it very clean .
1	love , love , love it .
1	classic !
1	when open , it will include an outdoor seating and entertainment area as well .
1	drinks : the drink selection is phenomenal without being pretentious .
1	fairly eclectic crowd .
1	they are always friendly and chatty with a good sense of humor .
1	has an interesting history i checked it out when we got home .
1	staff was friendly and the customers a nice crowd .
1	wonderfully renovated !
1	this bar is great !
1	unique friendly divey vibe .
1	i 'd recommend dropping in and giving it a try .
1	awesome place , especially when tori is working .
1	my girlfriend ordered the strawberry fields and was instantly in love .
1	atomic has a lot of parking ... and it 's free !
1	the bartenders are super friendly , not to mention nice to look at .
1	but other than that this bar is really cool .
1	good place .
1	the craft cocktails were delicious and they were reasonably priced !
1	the bartender , tori , was a pleasure to be around .
1	the cocktails are made with love and attention .
1	i will dream about it until i get another one in my life .
1	was bar hopping around fremont saturday night and this place was an absolute gem .
1	huge amount of beers on tap to choose from !
1	best bar downtown for beer , hands down .
1	great selection of beer .
1	thoughtfully made cocktails and craft beers .
1	great music , cool events wonderful bartenders !
1	for a dive bar to get _num_ stars it has to be good .
1	outdoor and indoor seating , great pictures of old school vegas .
1	it 's a short walk from fremont but worth it .
1	so much fun !
1	best bar in vegas .
1	whats unique about this joint is the history .
1	viva las vegas !
1	friendly bartenders and nice outdoor patio for people watching .
1	great beer selection bartenders are super knowledgeable and will make you a great cocktail .
1	cool beans .
1	i quite enjoyed the dcor and the casual vibe here !
1	fun drink menu .
1	just great .
1	the vibe is perfect setting he mood between modern and classic vegas .
1	i look forward to coming to one of their many events they hold .
1	the atmosphere is energetic and welcoming .
1	the beer selection is always changing and is filled with winners .
1	love the atmosphere .
1	it 's a vegas must do !
1	i was with a group and the array of beers is amazing .
1	nice unassuming atmosphere .
1	good options on tap .
1	we enjoyed a few of their craft cocktails .
1	such a great local establishment at the end of fremont street .
1	good vibe , friendly bartenders .
1	my kind of place !
1	it 's a good way to escape the crowded bar scene in vegas .
1	it 's removed from fremont , which is a good thing .
1	local .
1	good liquor .
1	on the weekend the vibe is very laid back and chill .
1	yes , please !
1	i am happy with my choice .
1	great place to watch a football game with a tv .
1	i love the patio , and i love the beer list .
1	they also get creative with the cocktails , so points for that .
1	super solid locals only dive spot .
1	feels like a vegas classic and a must visit .
1	definitely a hipster joint .
1	not often do you find a good dive bar , with a friendly atmosphere .
1	worth the walk east of the fremont street experience and container park .
1	great vibe , something that you wo n't find anywhere on the strip .
1	great bar to end the night on .
1	it 's nice to drink in a place with a back story .
1	relatively rough neighborhood , but that is life .
1	staff has always been very friendly and helpful .
1	a steal .
1	sure the patrons seemed a little seedy but they were fun and entertaining .
1	great price for what you get .
1	my experience at this greyhound station was nothing but good .
1	great in a pinch !
1	wifi worked great .
1	i was surprised to see others review on this location .
1	it 's a great location to place a walgreens i must say !
1	the cal is a hidden treasure .
1	it has a great hawaiian theme and a very relaxed atmosphere .
1	this is a cool place .
1	happy gambling !
1	perfect way to end a night or start your morning .
1	it has great rates .
1	visiting here with the og 's was a trip down memory lane .
1	old school like a lot of people mention is cool in my book .
1	definitely known for it 's oxtail soup in the cafe .
1	overall a good place to go and eat if your in the downtown area .
1	da prime rib stay okay .
1	rooms were clean and hot water was hot ... everything worked .
1	it was reasonably priced and i really enjoyed the market cafe .
1	definitely a must see when in vegas .
1	the best place for hawaii locals .
1	must be the great oxtail soup that attracts them here .
1	loved it .
1	i love staying @ the cal !
1	love it !
1	great restaurants inside .
1	played craps mainly and won also , it was lively .
1	good luck .
1	room are nice and they have great food !
1	this place was nice .
1	what a great place !
1	i for one enjoy coming here because of the hawaii local atmosphere .
1	craps , craps craps !
1	my favorite place to stay downtown .
1	love the island feel and especially the eats they got here .
1	won ton saimin rocks .
1	note : attention all yelpers !
1	we love coming here weekly for their delicious hawaiian food and ice cream upstairs .
1	their breakfast buffet was small , but perfect !
1	i love downtown las vegas also known as the 9th island .
1	the food is pretty good , and very reasonably priced .
1	great place if you want to have a more relaxed time gambling .
1	reasonable price , two blocks from fremont st .
1	good thing when we went , one car was leaving .
1	came back to gamble with the locals , we love coming back here !
1	nice !
1	all in all , this was a great experience .
1	food is reasonable & tasty !
1	i love the cal .
1	two of my personal favorites is pamela who is a dealer on the tables .
1	pam is fun and very personable .
1	this hotel is by far one of the best hotels to stay in .
1	it has become one of my favorite places in town to play blackjack .
1	it was very delicious and we actually came two nights in a row .
1	it 's fun , it 's old and the service is usually good here .
1	definitely a great auto shop , ca n't say it enough .
1	extremely fair price , and my beloved truck runs great .
1	great place simple fair prices straight forward .
1	a+ service and quality .
1	nice to find a shop that does stuff right .
1	great work , knowledgable employees who stand behind there work !
1	recommend them to everyone .
1	family owned business and they are very knowledgeable .
1	highly recommend for muffler service or other mechanical work needed .
1	they get things done for a very good price !
1	thank you best muffler team and keep up the great work .
1	loved the pizza .
1	crunchy crust , good sauce and cheese , good value too .
1	recomend highly !
1	great customer service , fast , accurate and friendly .
1	for less than _num_ bucks it 's definitely as good as it gets .
1	it is legit new york .
1	the kids and adults all loved it .
1	hot and fresh .
1	delicious !
1	awesome pizza .
1	my family loved it .
1	i definitely recommend it !
1	well done , guys .
1	love the wings and fries !
1	amazing food !
1	very tasty !
1	the pizza here was amazing !
1	amazing amazing !
1	highly recommend !
1	i have been looking for a place that serves really good pizza .
1	this place is a trip .
1	filling fresh ingredients in the salads .
1	i 'll keep you posted .
1	i surprisingly enjoyed this place .
1	the staff was amazing .
1	uncle joe 's is in my top _num_ favorite pizza spots in vegas !
1	best pizza in las vegas .
1	will definitely go back and take friends when they visit !
1	pizza & wings were delicious and the philly cheesesteak looked incredible !
1	i have to say i was very impressed with the pizza here .
1	highly recommend the crab legs !
1	the fremont hotel casino is a great example of that .
1	the food is cheaper and the gambling was cheaper also !
1	we will for sure stay here again !
1	my husband and i stayed here for my birthday celebration .
1	the hotel was nice , the room was perfect for us .
1	i will be coming back here in the future !
1	what more can you expect .
1	i 've had good luck there .
1	just got back from vegas again !
1	it was okay for the price .
1	we also got married in vegas two years ago .
1	it 's great !
1	there was a waitress , she was very sweet and attentive .
1	and most of their video poker still pays _num_ for a full house .
1	will definately come back .
1	very honest food , some of the best salvadorian food in las vegas .
1	the decor isnt fancy but this food oh its really good .
1	well done , i cant wait to go back !
1	the ladies are really nice and the food is always so delicious !
1	decent prices for delicious food .
1	excellent food , excellent service .
1	i looked around for a little bit and adored all the cute items .
1	i always leave a with a smile !
1	the building is always clean and well maintained .
1	great wine list !
1	great service !
1	they will make it right in front of your eyes and it 's delicious .
1	the food is great as well as the service and atmosphere .
1	save room for dessert and the kona coffee -- a nice finish .
1	the cocktails were fantastic .
1	best meal in vegas .
1	best meal in vegas i 've ever had !
1	huge delicious portions ( i thoroughly enjoyed my filet ) .
1	and some delicious desserts , to boot !
1	wonderful steak house located in the four queens , downtown .
1	the bananas foster is a real treat for dessert too !
1	i remember the service being really great , top-notch .
1	the food was delicious .
1	always a great meal , the salad is the best in town .
1	and the preparation is excellent all around .
1	and that 's what hugo 's gives you .
1	fantastic , plus the salad cart , sorbet , and dessert tray ?
1	the entrees are huge and very good .
1	somewhat pricey but well worth the visit .
1	excellent menu choices .
1	the experience was wonderful and we 'll definitely return .
1	we loved our dinner and it was a very old school setting .
1	but enjoyed the sea bass , crab cake , and prawns anyway !
1	thanks hugo 's .
1	service was great , food was awesome .
1	good wine list & great cocktails !
1	delicious filet , whether bacon wrapped or in the wellington .
1	martinis were huge and strong .
1	service was ridiculously good .
1	pricey but worth it .
1	the service is good , the staff is friendly .
1	awesome !
1	it is the best romantic fancy restaurant i have been in so far .
1	but the food and the atmosphere is well worth it .
1	make reservations , take your girlfriend or wife here !
1	the rose for my lady was a nice touch !
1	the food is spendy but so worth it !
1	hugo 's cellar was a wonderful treat !
1	from the rose for my wife to the excellent service .
1	the service from michael , anthony and sergio was top-notch .
1	hugo 's is an exceptional place to go & eat , & relax .
1	the pace of the meal was what i really enjoyed .
1	it feels very intimate and dinner was delicious .
1	just thought it was funny after my initial review .
1	another lovely time .
1	the food our party of _num_ ordered was all very good .
1	this place has a great old-school vibe , not unlike the golden steer .
1	they even give the women a rose to take with them .
1	this place is old school and still good .
1	the steaks were the highest quality and perfectly cooked .
1	and making my salad at my table is awesome .
1	enjoy !
1	the rib eye was terrific and cooked to order exactly how i expected .
1	great ambiance .
1	the staff were attentive , helpful and engaging .
1	we will definitely be back on our next trip to vegas .
1	incredible entrees and a desert platter to finish it off .
1	amazing night and dinner !
1	impeccable service .
1	excellent service and great half bottles of wine .
1	i call it our hidden gem !
1	great atmosphere to enjoy a delightful steak dinner .
1	amazing experience overall .
1	ambience was superb .
1	every good thing you read about hugo 's cellar is true .
1	it will be a great experience .
1	other than , it was a great experience .
1	love this place !
1	service was top notch , food was great .
1	especially liked the table side salad prep .
1	the quality of the entrees and sides are first class .
1	the decor was cute as well .
1	very romantic setting .
1	this is a great place for any sort of celebration or romantic evening .
1	truly a wonderful dining experience !
1	service was excellent all around .
1	this is how i always want to start my vegas out .
1	awesome .
1	the experience is even better when you go during the week .
1	the food is delicious and the service is better than the strip .
1	awesome atmosphere , great service , delicious meal .
1	this restaurant gives you both good food and tastefully extras .
1	portions are excellent , ambiance is old world and awesome , service is awesome !
1	the service , food and wine were excellent .
1	the salad cart was an impressive and unexpected addition to a wonderful steak .
1	both steaks were cooked perfectly and had a seasoning that matched the meat well .
1	its so intimate and romantic .
1	the wine guy is amazing with pairing .
1	we had the filet and it was cooked perfectly .
1	this was the best dinner i have ever had .
1	the restaurant had a nice , romantic vibe .
1	the service was exceptional .
1	the steak was cooked perfectly .
1	the raspberry lemon martini was a delight .
1	awesome .
1	come and enjoy this delicious meal .
1	the service is top notch and formal but not stuffy .
1	hugo 's cellar is still one of my all time favorites .
1	however they make a great beef wellington as well .
1	you must try this restaurant and you can thank me the next day !
1	so in conclusion , this is a hide away place .
1	i do recommend getting their banana foster .
1	it will melt in your mouth and leave you wanting more !
1	absolutely exceptional experience .
1	recommend without reservation .
1	we love the atmosphere , the food , and the service !
1	best salad anywhere .
1	absolutely incredible gem hidden in the four queens casino .
1	dean is my favorite bartender in las vegas .
1	i loved the salad , made to order .
1	very good service .
1	great service including an extra complimentary dessert to celebrate our occasional .
1	price was consistent with the level of quality and service .
1	this place is always our `` fancy '' dinner while visiting vegas !
1	the food was exquisite and the service was impeccable .
1	the people were friendly and it was classy yet comfortable .
1	we stepped back into time while enjoying great people and great food !
1	awesome food and awesome service !
1	love the old school feel that the restaurant gives .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	she will be impressed .
1	the staff was very sweet and we loved the table side salad .
1	i love the atmosphere and the feel of the room .
1	all ladies are greeted by the hostess with a fresh cut rose .
1	the food is outstanding .
1	well deserved of my _num_ star rating .
1	our server jean was also amazing .
1	the food was amazing the service was perfect .
1	but the bananas foster was the show and easily the best dessert .
1	a touch of old vegas .
1	as you come in women are handed a rose , it 's really sweet .
1	for the food and the atmosphere , this place is a great value .
1	it 's delicious !
1	my wife and i love this place .
1	the ny strip is just delicious .
1	classic steakhouse .
1	great atmosphere , service , and food !
1	advanced reservations is definitely recommended .
1	the most romantic , warm , rustic feeling restaurant i have ever been to .
1	the food was absolutely amazing and not once was i disappointed .
1	the food , the server is so good !
1	one of the best steakhouses i 've ever been !
1	the food was marvelous , the service extraordinary .
1	this place is worth the taxi ride over from the strip .
1	and the chocolate dipped fruit is a real treat .
1	unforgettable experience !
1	delicious !
1	top notch !
1	so much fun .
1	went here for valentines day and it was very nice .
1	their menu has a wonderful selection of tastes to satisfy most anyone 's palate .
1	the service was outstanding !
1	plenty of food for the price .
1	love this place !
1	delicious !
1	our food came and the steak was perfectly cooked .
1	a great place to splurge on a nice meal and wonderful atmosphere .
1	awesome !
1	yes , the food is that good .
1	yes , the special touches such as free dessert and a rose are lovely .
1	it is flawless .
1	very tasty .
1	each entree is served with a salad that is made table side .
1	wine selection is amazing and sommelier was very helpful on our selection .
1	overall great company , service , care and most importantly amazing plates .
1	the service was good .
1	this is a great place to eat at when celebrating a special occasion .
1	this is a great place to eat at when celebrating a special occasion .
1	amazing food , amazing service !
1	the steaks and appetizers are very good .
1	i was very happy and come back as often as i can .
1	we went here on a friends recommendation .
1	the staff was fantastic and the food omg the food !
1	what a delightful restaurant !
1	make sure you go hungry and make reservations .
1	excellent raspberry lemon drop martini too .
1	quiet , romantic , quaint and classy .
1	he will make your experience memorable !
1	what a gem .
1	flawless .
1	so , $ _num_ for an elegant and delicious meal .
1	great atmosphere , great service , great food .
1	the best dining experience we have ever had .
1	staff is courteous and attentive .
1	great prime rib , great salad , fantastic chilled seafood appetizer !
1	service was impeccable .
1	classy , elegant , and incredibly good food !
1	this was a bit of a surprise .
1	the service was absolutely excellent .
1	all in all it was a great dinner .
1	this was one of the best meals i have ever had .
1	this will be our anniversary tradition for years to come !
1	loved it all the way around .
1	the food was cooked perfectly .
1	my wife had the sun dried tomato chicken , and loved it !
1	the service was impeccable !
1	prepare to be impressed .
1	they make it to your liking right there in front of you .
1	heard a lot about this place ; how great the food and service was .
1	dress nice .
1	we visited hugo 's a year ago to celebrate our friends ' wedding anniversary .
1	the table service was good .
1	ha ... .
1	one of my favorite places in downtown vegas .
1	the hotel itself is bright and lively .
1	we stayed here a few years back .
1	yes he got a good tip .
1	bright lights , casino right down stairs !
1	it was amazing .
1	a cab ride always cost us about _num_ bucks !
1	( and good rates on the web too ! )
1	i did pretty well for the most part .
1	i thought their coffee shop was much better than most .
1	the spicy chicken sandwich was really good .
1	our waiter was okay , kind of pushy , but overall good .
1	the _num_ queens is a fun little place .
1	thanks for making it a lovely visit .
1	plenty of entertainment and people watching to be had .
1	slots were good .
1	see other review for more detail .
1	order the rib dinner , it 's amazing .
1	great service from everyone there .
1	we will be back again for sure !
1	fremont street is the best !
1	free parking with rewards card .
1	they have the best machines in vegas .
1	i was very impressed with the room .
1	i like their outdoor patio ... clean and very professional .
1	still a great old place to visit .
1	the staff here handled everything in a perfect way .
1	this casino was great !
1	the casino was fun .
1	love the buffet , love the people .
1	won _num_ bucks over two hours .
1	had a great time at the four queens .
1	when i read the yelp reviews , i got pretty nervous !
1	we got to the room and i was pleasantly surprised how clean it was .
1	very clean and modern and the bed was very comfortable .
1	had a great time here .
1	till we meet again my love !
1	it was awesome !
1	great location downtown las vegas .
1	they were kind on the phone and able to accomodate my schedule .
1	these guys are awesome , honest and decent .
1	i recommend them highly .
1	i will recommend howie 's to my friends and family .
1	such nice people !
1	thanks howie 's !
1	howie 's is awesome !
1	these people are friendly and everyone has a smile for you .
1	car runs perfectly i am so very happy .
1	they are honest , fast , professional with very fair prices .
1	denise in the front office and the _num_ mechanics are all excellent !
1	honestly one of the only repair places i feel safe taking my vehicles to .
1	keep up the good work !
1	wild west variety show meets roots with barry on the seven gun .
1	thanks for having us !
1	awesome !
1	it was a lot of fun even if it was n't a big win .
1	decent food prices and fun gambling .
1	good luck .
1	sweet .
1	the rooms are always clean , and the beds and pillows are really comfortable .
1	really fun gambling without all the plastic bs of the strip .
1	this a great place to learn to gamble too !
1	everyone is so personable and it 's really low-key .
1	after a day here , everyone will recognize you and call you by name .
1	however , our rooms were rather tiny but really nice and clean .
1	the front desk was super nice .
1	we had trouble with the shower water pressure but that got fixed quick .
1	el cortez has pretty comfortable beds , big bathrooms , and relatively nice showers .
1	best roulette in town .
1	this is by far the best hotel and casino in vegas .
1	enjoy !
1	the place is a lot brighter and cleaner than it used to be .
1	cocktail service was often and prompt .
1	this is a good place to go for a change of pace .
1	nice !
1	rooms are nice and rates are reasonable .
1	everyone that works there is kind and helpful !
1	a great value if you 're looking for a clean room and inexpensive gambling .
1	imho , the best place to stay downtown .
1	it 's not fancy , but it 's real , and tasteful and comfortable .
1	el cortez is as good as it gets ... !
1	had a good time and the dealers for the most part are friendly .
1	definitely a favorite place to gamble .
1	service was great .
1	very bright and restored little casino .
1	stayed here for the first time because of great rate - definitely impressed !
1	fantastic stay , great restuarant , and cocktail .
1	great location .
1	stayed in the tower and was pleasantly surprised by the spacious and comfortable room .
1	i love this hotel .
1	for an old , cheap hotel , this place is awesome !
1	very comfortable and clean room .
1	best value on freemont street and the hotel rooms are clean .
1	the room rate was fantastic and the service in the casino was adequate .
1	we always stay downtown and we love this casino .
1	this is my new favorite las vegas gambling spot !
1	i love how laid-back the downtown vegas crowd is compared to the strip .
1	everything else was great .
1	odds are great and the dealers are friendly .
1	this casino is great .
1	this casino looks like a dive but is definitely worth the visit .
1	great place to gamble .
1	another one of my favorite places to eat when i 'm on a trip .
1	definitely coming back .
1	great service and good value for your money .
1	the hotel is a gem , hidden away in downtown .
1	amazing experience .
1	best staff .
1	i 'll definitely return .
1	i enjoyed myself greatly staying here .
1	will be back in december with my entire family !
1	the best place in las vegas to combine people watching with blackjack .
1	the rooms are comfortable with sitting areas , and nice beds .
1	i loved it .
1	just a great laid back atmosphere .
1	thumbs up !
1	it was a great first impression .
1	the room that i was so graciously upgraded to was very nice , clean .
1	the cabana suites are very comfortable and quiet .
1	the servers remember us and the restaurant is above average .
1	well , at least until they kicked us out .
1	very fresh tasty and plentiful .
1	our waitress was extremely cool and nice .
1	for what you pay here it is a great dinner .
1	the food was good and it came at a reasonable price .
1	this place is great .
1	i eat here all the time .
1	the staff showed us some great hospitality and we all enjoyed our evening together .
1	my husband & i were very satisfied with our steak & lobster dinner .
1	the desert was the perfect ending .
1	i was there on a saturday night and got the steak and lobster special .
1	which is always a plus !
1	our waitress was nice as could be and very attentive .
1	we love coming here to eat !
1	especially for steak and lobster !
1	the steak was satisfactory and the lobster was a decent size .
1	i ordered my steak medium well and it was cooked perfectly .
1	the food here is amazing and reasonably priced too !
1	this place was incredible !
1	great experience at this place ... byob in vegas - really ?
1	warm rolls with butter and garlic were served prior to our meal arriving .
1	our friends got the steak special that looks awesome too .
1	everything was very good .
1	we love the staff who take care of our every need .
1	excellent atmosphere and service !
1	split the ribeye and it was thick , juicy and huge !
1	i will go back again !
1	really loved the service !
1	excellent food , service , and atmosphere !
1	the hostess and servers were also very friendly .
1	also the dining room is beautiful with dark wood .
1	the staff is wonderful , so accommodating !
1	this place is great and serves a variety of different meals .
1	amazing , amazing and amazing !
1	this is a hidden gem .
1	great service and food for a good price .
1	the service was perfect .
1	prices were decent and it 's a nice alternative to all the buffets .
1	i just had the kalbi here for lunch and it was excellent .
1	not expensive ... i liked it !
1	awesome place to eat !
1	the desserts were superb .
1	i actually liked that it 's smaller .
1	great room prices first of all , and second , the pool !
1	i won $ _num_ and watched tony beat up that guy with the attitude !
1	did n't really win any money gambling , but had a great time .
1	this is far and away the finest hotel on fremont .
1	best of the old school casinos .
1	it is really cheap too , well worth the price .
1	classic downtown vegas !
1	the price is just right too .
1	im a big fan of clean and inexpensive , and they were both .
1	this place rocks .
1	my buddy and i looked at each other and laughed .
1	i had a really great night .
1	as good as it gets in vegas imho .
1	especially with the new rush tower .
1	best hotel ever .
1	we have been going to this hotel for _num_ years now and love it !
1	we highly recommend this hotel and the whole freemont experience !
1	the nugget is gorgeous !
1	downtown 's pretty entertaining , safe from traffic and everything 's close by .
1	its a very family friendly hotel .
1	it is so clean .
1	our room was nice and is always clean in a timely matter .
1	the casino was great too .
1	really nice employees .
1	i stayed here while attending a family reunion .
1	i booked the room with ease !
1	the rooms are nice .
1	golden nugget have a beautiful salon and spa .
1	great value !
1	clean and modern rooms that can compete with strip casinos .
1	best place to stay on fremont .
1	it was great before and so i ca n't imagine it now .
1	nice hotel downtown .
1	love the location and would definitely return !
1	a great casino in downtown vegas , with all the amenities and then some .
1	this is without a doubt my favorite hotel downtown .
1	it 's got an old school feel but it 's been updated very well .
1	we went down the slide and that is really cool too .
1	we took craps lessons and really enjoyed that too .
1	but really , the best money for hotel stay on fremont .
1	love everything it had to offer .
1	the meals we had in the hotel were good and reasonably priced .
1	what a beautiful hotel on the inside !
1	the hotel is always clean and luxurious .
1	wow - what a gem on fremont !
1	the pool area was awesome and easy to access .
1	what a gem !
1	last bit of class in downtown .
1	a great place to stay and i will be back .
1	staff was very helpful and friendly .
1	beautiful pool , amazing sensational look !
1	very nicely done .
1	otherwise this is the greatest hotel in downtown !
1	other than that it is super clean , classy and decorated really nice .
1	nicely remodeled , clean and modern with very good rates .
1	but still a beautiful room , good bang for the buck .
1	the restaurants and bars are really great !
1	but it 's a great spot and definitely worth visiting !
1	thanks for the wedding present !
1	it was a good atmosphere and a nice staff working the floor .
1	good buffet , nice italian restaurant , two great steakhouses .
1	much better than the strip !
1	i love you golden nugget !
1	the nugget 's rush tower and spa tower rooms are a great value .
1	we love this place .
1	the staff is wonderful !
1	this place is beautiful !
1	my heart skipped with joy and delight over this legendary landmark .
1	for downtown this was a great experience .
1	the room was nice and comfortable .
1	a must for families with kids .
1	the staff was friendly , helpful upon check in .
1	it is a site to see for sure .
1	i love the golden nugget !
1	we are locals that booked a night so our granddaughter could enjoy the pool .
1	definitely the best place to stay in old vegas .
1	good times for sure .
1	the flush is so powerful , i had to step back !
1	this is great value for your $ $ $ !
1	all in all , excellent value for your $ $ !
1	the hotel was a lovely venue for a conference .
1	as good as it gets downtown .
1	well done golden nugget !
1	best hotel in vegas !
1	we had the best experience staying here .
1	friendly staff and wonderful guest rooms .
1	i love fremont street .
1	this place is definitely old vegas with so much character !
1	this is the best hotel in downtown for sure .
1	best value and location for the money .
1	did not stay here but visited and was unexpectedly surprised !
1	the hotel was in great condition .
1	the restaurants in the hotel were great value for the money .
1	kinda reminds me of other hotels i stay at on the strip !
1	very spacious & clean rooms !
1	great restaurants , bar , & buffet .
1	definitely a `` got ta visit '' in downtown vegas !
1	best choice for downtown and a great place to stay .
1	enjoy !
1	rooms are spacious and beds are comfortable .
1	the pool is my favorite , and for sure a must .
1	this is a fabulous stop when checking out downtown lv .
1	$ _num_ blackjack , brilliant lights and a perfect place to people watch .
1	very dress to impress type casino kinda like a strip casino hotel .
1	this was the perfect place on the fremont !
1	the pool is simply amazing !
1	perfect for families , young _num_ year olds and all the other age groups .
1	the buffet is a+ as well .
1	my room was clean and tasteful .
1	i must say it was a pleasant experience .
1	any hotel with honest employees deserves _num_ stars !
1	restaurants and casino are great !
1	this is a place you have to see to believe .
1	thanks james !
1	this is by far the best hotel to stay in when you 're downtown .
1	the rooms were lovely .
1	a pretty amazing piece of work , and a blast to ride .
1	both check in & check out was very pleasant .
1	& will def go back.
1	the food here is good .
1	i enjoy downtown almost better than the strip because you can just relax .
1	i love to eat here and gamble , this hotel is so beautiful .
1	the golden nugget is a good place to stay and gamble .
1	the place is pretty decent and clean .
1	i love this hotel .
1	the hotel looks refreshed and modern .
1	i felt like i was on vacation and my wife love it too .
1	this place was very nice !
1	it was very nice clean , would definately go back again soon !
1	that shows you how much the hotel has to offer .
1	we used priceline this time and that added a great deal to our savings .
1	will continue to be a patron for many years to come .
1	keep up the good work !
1	only recommendation is they keep it clean ( e.g .
1	the rush tower is beautiful , the rooms are fab !
1	i was very surprised on how nice the staff was .
1	the place was surprisingly nice !
1	great hotel , awesome casino , fab room service !
1	will always love staying here !
1	it seemed so much cleaner and classy then the other fremont street casinos .
1	i loved the room service i loved this hotel so much .
1	the rooms are nice , the pool area is nice .
1	other than that , i enjoyed my stay .
1	this place is a lot of fun and close to everything .
1	just an overall great experience here .
1	we loved having a room so close to fremont street !
1	pool is great & lots of restaurant choices .
1	we had a great stay at golden nugget !
1	great pool , location , restaurant .
1	pool was fun and tank was very entertaining .
1	the rooms are ok but really the gem here is the pool party ... .
1	it was and awesome stay .
1	i was very impressed with the room and service here .
1	great food in the new restaurants .
1	a great place to stay and play !
1	i love downtown vegas , and this is the perfect hotel .
1	great food selections .
1	i absolutely love the shark tank slide .
1	i have been to their sushi restaurant and it was good .
1	very nice place and good music !
1	oops !
1	best pool you are going to find is vegas is definetly here !
1	it was a fast and easy process and up our room we went .
1	it was spacious , clean and the bed very comfortable .
1	it was hot and very reasonably priced as well .
1	i usually stay on the strip , but stayed here because of a convention .
1	would stay here again in a heart beat .
1	we love this hotel .
1	the buffet is the best in town .
1	the staff are always so friendly and accommodating .
1	love it !
1	semi dark ambiance making it amazingly relaxing !
1	pool is top notch and shark tank is pretty neat !
1	this place was so awesome and beautiful .
1	will definitely come back .
1	the hotel is nice and has a lot of amenities .
1	the choice of tables and slots are nice .
1	i really enjoyed the stay .
1	but for being a downtown hotel i love this place !
1	the golden nugget hotel & casino has beautifully appointed rooms in the rush tower !
1	entertainment is exceptional .
1	the pool looked fun too !
1	the staff is super friendly and helpful .
1	our stay here was amazing !
1	good clean room for dirt cheap .
1	so moved from carson tower to gold tower .
1	all and all my stay here was good .
1	the drinks were strong and the other players were also nice .
1	our room in the rush tower was spotless and so comfortable .
1	viva las vegas !
1	bartenders service was excellent , water slide a must , we will be back !
1	amazing , amazing , amazing !
1	aquarium is incredible !
1	always a good time in their hotel , casino and sports book !
1	their buffet is delicious and reasonably priced !
1	room service awesome .
1	fremont street is a whole new experience !
1	this place is always great to stay at never had a complaint about it .
1	that 's why i love the nugget .
1	the bed was very comfortable .
1	a really nice hotel .
1	was quite surprised by it .
1	the pool is amazing with the huge fish tank .
1	we stayed for five nights and enjoyed every aspect of the hotel and casino .
1	strong and steady drinks combined with a smile make for a great week .
1	i really enjoyed my time here !
1	i was real impressed when i stayed here .
1	love the location !
1	rooms are clean .
1	very much enjoyed the shows .
1	the golden nugget rush tower is one of the best deals in the city .
1	a must see !
1	cab ride over from the strip under $ _num_ so worth it .
1	good option of restaurants to dine in .
1	great deals !
1	i thought this was a fine place to stay .
1	all that aside this hotel is beautiful and fremont street is a blast !
1	the location is great if you want some party .
1	clean adequate room , and exceptional service from the staff .
1	awesome hotel !
1	love the clean bathroom .
1	the pool was great !
1	_num_ style .
1	i enjoyed the stay .
1	i was not disappointed and was extremely pleased with the service and food .
1	very clean nice casino .
1	best casino on fremont street .
1	this hotel has always been a great place to stay .
1	thank you so much !
1	we are a super satisfied guest !
1	the suite was laid out and beautiful .
1	very roomy with ambient lighting .
1	the chart house restaurant is breathtaking !
1	elvis !
1	i love this place .
1	get the extra shot !
1	most fun on fremont !
1	worked like a charm .
1	great strong frozen drinks .
1	great free drinks !
1	frozen drinks were delicious as well and they ya sample em too !
1	pictures of suspicious winner out front , winner looks homeless .
1	real slots with coins , very satisfying .
1	awesome fun .
1	love this place angie on day side is great along with others .
1	they call me by name and everyone is very friendly .
1	this place was a really cool visit even for a local !
1	this place is tight !
1	awesome !
1	well worth the visit for the variety of items this shop carries .
1	if you 're looking to pawn or buy , i 'd recommend this place .
1	it 's a pretty cool place to go and look at old stuff .
1	they actually have some really interesting stuff .
1	it was a cool experience .
1	what a great experience and would recommend to any pawn stars fan !
1	this place was very cool .
1	meanwhile enjoy the show ... we sure do !
1	i wish them all the best with all the success they have found !
1	we found a ring that was really nice .
1	make an offer if you see something cool - you might find a deal .
1	and this is what exactly what it is .
1	worth the visit .
1	is you are a fan if the show , it 's a must see .
1	brought my _num_ year old daughter and niece who are fans of the show .
1	he was very friendly and was happy to take pictures and answer questions .
1	stopped by with the family on our last trip to vegas .
1	- cool stuff to see .
1	got them for a good deal .
1	the line out front moved quickly .
1	the staff was super cool , and helpful .
1	the staff was very friendly and helpful .
1	it was still cool to look through everything .
1	the greatest show on earth !
1	lots of fun !
1	there was some cool stuff .
1	interesting to see how they separate the fan area from the actual film set .
1	the staff is quite friendly .
1	it was nice to see the place in person .
1	i personally had a great experience .
1	every one i interacted with was nice and professional .
1	everyone was really nice .
1	the people were nice and professional , and we found lots of cool stuff .
1	loved this place !
1	he really made my trip special .
1	overall , worth checking it out if you have not been here before .
1	a fun little pit stop !
1	fun place and actually good deals !
1	but still cool to take pictures outside .
1	nice people , free parking .
1	i recommend everyone to come here at least look .
1	pleasant experience .
1	the shop is really tiny .
1	lots of very great items in their .
1	you 'll be fine .
1	it 's just a neat thing to see !
1	jose was so nice and explained the jewlery to us .
1	top notch !
1	cool place to visit .
1	pictures welcome .
1	great customer service .
1	beef jerky i like the bits one but the others are good too .
1	candy stuff i like are the chocolate mint ones .
1	this place is so inexpensive love it can wait to come back .
1	good prices !
1	they turn all the lights off so you can fully enjoy the show .
1	some folks i know had their kids in this event so we went .
1	the people that work here are so friendly and helpful !
1	one of the best shopping experiences i 've had in a long time .
1	wow !
1	fantastic store !
1	love this store for all my work and costume needs !
1	definitely found my favorite shop in vegas !
1	another awesome experience at this shop .
1	super excited to play with the products and learn more .
1	thanks for all the help and i 'll be back again soon .
1	life long costumer !
1	everyone was extremely pleasant .
1	highly recommend great prices great food great great great !
1	the area left a lot to be desired , but the food was amazing .
1	the location is n't great , but the food is worth it .
1	always good eating .
1	i have recommended this place to all my friends and family too !
1	we also got their udon noodles there .
1	always very delicious food .
1	if you dig street vendors in se asia , you 're good .
1	the owner is a very sweet lady and her cooking is simply the best .
1	highly recommended .
1	it was sooooo spicy !
1	they were great to work with and the deli is tasty !
1	well priced , too .
1	support your local businesses and enjoy your cold cuts freshly sliced !
1	my favorite place for sandwiches & the only market worth shopping at downtown .
1	love the sandwiches !
1	such a bummer !
1	it is very reasonably priced as well .
1	great selection of food - much better then at the california .
1	the waitresses are friendly and food is fresh .
1	the german chocolate cake was amazing !
1	i will have to say that its very good for the price .
1	long lines , but the people are nice and the food is hearty .
1	people are very nice and food is hearty !
1	it had a great variety and the service was pretty good .
1	if you are an older couple , they will seat you faster .
1	the best buffet in downtown .
1	it 's much cheaper than the buffets on the strip .
1	if you like normal buffets , this one the best bet .
1	visually this place is very nice .
1	i loved the salad bar nice and fresh .
1	we stayed at the california and walked right over to main street .
1	lots and lots of choices .
1	great for kids and large groups !
1	bacon was superior to other buffets in the area .
1	the food was very diverse from chinese food to soul food .
1	my favorite new buffet in lv .
1	selection is good , food is presented well , and is hot .
1	great price and great food .
1	worth the drive for the savings .
1	the dining area is clean and very open .
1	it was _num_ bucks ... win !
1	we were heading downtown for a weekend of fun .
1	the food was really good .
1	the atmosphere is gorgeous .
1	old school vegas at its best !
1	most of the food was pretty good !
1	what an amazing property !
1	staff was helpful and friendly .
1	great buffets !
1	i recently went back to eat and was happy that it was still good .
1	it 's a nice , clean place , with a lot of variety !
1	definitely worth the trip to downtown for a cheaper buffet .
1	had excellent lunch buffet .
1	sausages sauted with marinara and peppers were so good and so was the swordfish .
1	breakfast was pretty good .
1	a very reasonable price good for the entire family .
1	well , next time .
1	food is good and lots to choose from .
1	wow this was unexpected !
1	the design and atmosphere was bright and cozy and felt like main street disneyland .
1	great fried chicken , flavorful pizza , and even some hawaiian food .
1	you 'll find plenty to eat .
1	the food here was good , and the area was also clean .
1	i love their food selection and southern style taste .
1	excellent service .
1	if you are lucky they have good fruits as well .
1	keep in mind this isnt a fine dining .
1	the food the dessert and the friendly service is wonderful .
1	pretty good place for being near fremont street .
1	coming here once is worth it .
1	still very good i 'm a big fan of their breakfast buffet .
1	love this place !
1	this place is pretty cool .
1	the building itself is beautiful .
1	whenever i 'm in town i always bring the family through here .
1	nothing fancy but solid food .
1	i really enjoyed this buffet .
1	had lunch here today was again pretty good .
1	loved the pork chops and sweet potato .
1	the salad bar was good too .
1	but certainly very reasonably priced and well worth the money !
1	great selection and food is tasty .
1	everything from pizza to brisket and taquitos was very good .
1	omelette chef was professional and greeted everyone as if he knew them .
1	lots choices .
1	they have an array of different dishes to choose from and most pretty good .
1	the desert selection is typical but good .
1	their food and customer service is great !
1	we are definitely coming back !
1	i came here in march with my boyfriend .
1	the crab legs were really good and so was the other food too .
1	desserts , which seem to suck everywhere at vegas buffets were excellent .
1	this is my favorite buffet in all of vegas !
1	it 's good for breakfast , lunch or dinner .
1	satisfied with the food .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	they give access to great legal advice and help .
1	kudos !
1	well worth a side trip .
1	a great activity to do that 's off the strip .
1	a must see while in vegas !
1	a must see !
1	great place !
1	tour guide did a fine job .
1	we absolutely loved taking photos and walking around surrounded in history .
1	i love art and places like this !
1	it 's definitely worth going out of your way to check this place out .
1	secondly , it 's a nice bit of las vegas history .
1	this was just a lovely experience and the highlight of our trip .
1	you must make reservations , but it is well worth it .
1	one of the best things i 've done in las vegas .
1	the tour was about an hour , and it was fantastic .
1	if you are a history geek , you will love it .
1	the neon tradition is alive and well !
1	i really enjoyed looking at and learning about the history behind the neon signs .
1	book a tour at least one month in advance !
1	bill had a great sense of humor and did well with our tour .
1	it 's very unique and a great place to take photos .
1	the best `` attraction '' in vegas !
1	this place is super cool and the tour guides are awesome .
1	so cool .
1	went on the tour yesterday at _num_ and it was great .
1	that would be cool , and i 'd surely come back to experience that .
1	what an awesome time !
1	this place was so cool .
1	very good informative tour !
1	cute museum , with great photo ops and interesting history and trivia .
1	what an incredible experience .
1	this place is amazing at night .
1	our guide was super informative , and very easy going .
1	this place was amazing , and had some great photo ops .
1	this is a must see !
1	highly recommend .
1	our tour guide was detailed and well versed on the various neon signs .
1	they have discounts but hey , this place is non profit !
1	a must-see in vegas !
1	we did a daytime tour during the summer and it was really hot .
1	anyone that loves photography and history should check it out .
1	i loved this place !
1	i would recommend to all .
1	great place !
1	what a fun tour !
1	this place was super cool .
1	it was extremely informative and our guide was quirky and fun .
1	so interesting to see remains of the golden days of vegas !
1	ian was our tour guide and he did an amazing job !
1	you have to see this place .
1	it 's the best thing in vegas in my humble opinion .
1	that alone made it well worth the locals admission of $ _num_ .
1	i ca n't even tell you how much i enjoyed the neon museum .
1	this place is a great tour .
1	but i thought it was a great little activity to do while in vegas .
1	well worth the visit !
1	wonderful place to visit and learn about the history of vegas .
1	but the guide is well worth it .
1	the staff and catering was top notch .
1	what an amazing place !
1	everyone was very nice and helpful .
1	especially ian , were great .
1	definitely recommend !
1	what an amazing museum .
1	have fun !
1	great tour guide .
1	we went there on a friday morning and loved it .
1	guy was our guide and he was knowledgeable and funny .
1	my wife and i got great pictures and even better information and history .
1	such a cool place .
1	she was so insightful and you can really tell she lives the city .
1	we took a daytime tour and i loved it .
1	guy was our tour guide and was very informative & funny !
1	very cool !
1	this place is a must see when in vegas !
1	so in reality , thank goodness the museum does exist !
1	i got the best of both worlds .
1	neat little piece of americana .
1	best tour in vegas .
1	even more spectacular !
1	my aunt recommended this place , because they 've always wanted to go .
1	definitely a worthwhile stop if you 're in the area .
1	the workers seemed very enthusiastic about the museum and the history .
1	fortunately we were able to schedule a tour the day we visited .
1	we brought our own photographer and had our wedding photos taken here !
1	courtney was a pleasure to work with !
1	a must for vegas wedding photos !
1	i highly recommend you check it out .
1	call in advance , this is a very important activity .
1	we got married here , it was perfect !
1	granted -- the tour guide was really knowledgable and nice .
1	this is a very interesting and almost uniquely las vegas place .
1	great evening tour !
1	well worth seeing .
1	very cool place .
1	it is a short ride from the vegas strip and worth every penny .
1	wow !
1	our tour guide ashley was amazing .
1	it was a great tour .
1	very informative .
1	our guide was incredibly knowledgable and entertaining .
1	neat to see all the old signs .
1	worth the visit !
1	our tour guides were awesome !
1	fun and informative !
1	he was a pleasant as a sunny day .
1	day of the wedding everything was perfect !
1	thank you , thank you , thank you !
1	this place is pretty cool if you 're into history and/or bright lights .
1	anyways this little piece of knowledge and more made it interesting .
1	i 'd recommend coming here if you can get a discount .
1	this was a great experience .
1	by far the highlight of our trip ... would recommend to anyone !
1	a very cool tour at night .
1	i 'd love to return to see it in all its glory sometime .
1	interesting , especially in combination with las vegas the show .
1	this is definitely a must see !
1	`` cigars , cigarettes ! ''
1	some pretty nice cigars in there !
1	amazing selections , knowledgeable staff ... did i mentioned great cigars selection ?
1	service , service service .
1	this is my favorite smoke shop in town !
1	they for sure will always have me as a customer !
1	i love this place the food is wonderful plus i helped get them started .
1	ralph , paul , lee , kyle and dan are always a trip .
1	by far the best shop in vegas !
1	everyone is friendly and the place is clean !
1	i love love love this place !
1	the flavors are great too .
1	love it !
1	this place is the best .
1	the staff has always been top notch and extremely friendly !
1	check it out !
1	place was well organized and fairly priced .
1	great for the drive home .
1	my favorite are the `` samurai balls '' .
1	needless to say that was one of the items i purchased .
1	well worry not because this place has all manor of jerky not just beef .
1	they also have a wide selection of candy and dried fruit .
1	helpful and friendly staff .
1	definitely check this place out .
1	love it !
1	this place is my number one spot to visit when i go to vegas .
1	he and his wife are very nice and friendly .
1	hope you enjoy !
1	great place to get snacks .
1	best hidden gem in vegas .
1	best place to get your beef jerky .
1	we always have a fun time finding new items .
1	basically everything in here goes amazing with beer .
1	on the quest for exotic jerky , i found this spot on yelp .
1	the customer service is as good as the beef jerky .
1	it 's awesome !
1	prices affordable and they carry everything .
1	great selection inside !
1	two overflowing basket full to be exact .
1	very good selection .
1	worth it !
1	great gaming and love the good time !
1	simply the best casino by far in downtown las vegas !
1	he does some great jokes and the show is quite funny .
1	the bell service is super too .
1	this review is for the courtyard grill & buffet on the 2nd floor .
1	it 's bigger than advertised .
1	service was excellent too .
1	the rooms are very nice !
1	i called and they were able to come the same day .
1	i love coming home to a clean house that smells good .
1	this place is n't cheap , they charge quite a bit for their merchandise .
1	great long course .
1	this is a great course .
1	i recommend this course to everyone .
1	i forgot since it was a few months ago .
1	we loved this place .
1	the course is well laid out and in great shape !
1	thanks again for one fun golf round .
1	weather is also fantastic at this time of the year .
1	some machines do n't work , but overall a good value .
1	staff were courteous and professional .
1	i 'm impressed .
1	excellent customer service from bag drop , starter , to club house .
1	would recommend this course to anyone .
1	this was an amazing place to get married .
1	it was very romantic .
1	would recommend to those looking for a quiet , romantic setting !
1	super cute chapel .
1	pros : great location downtown , beautiful decor , amazing photos , helpful staff .
1	our experience was well beyond our expectations .
1	the reception room was very comfortable and set up beautifully .
1	thank you for making my daughter 's special day a memorable one !
1	also the photos were stunning !
1	i will be referring friends !
1	thank you again !
1	thank you !
1	the staff is awesome .
1	friendly local staff .
1	_num_ teriyaki beef nuggets : super soft , tender and mighty tasty .
1	love this place always come here .
1	best beef jerky in vegas .
1	there 's always something new to try !
1	thank you , scott !
1	the sales staff is pleasant .
1	i highly recommend them !
1	team ford !
1	he is an asset to your company .
1	carla took good care of me and my vehicle .
1	i enjoyed every part of my visit at team ford .
1	thank you so much ford !
1	best car buying experience i have ever had !
1	got a great price on the exact truck i wanted .
1	thank you tim for all your help ... .
1	the staff are wonderful !
1	highly recommend them .
1	they are prompt , helpful , efficient , friendly , quick .
1	they were amazing .
1	our next ford purchase will be from team ford ... .
1	the service bay is amazing .
1	great team steve !
1	amazing !
1	he 's honest and friendly .
1	made us feel that our time was valuable .
1	will be recommending him to friends of ours that are currently looking .
1	ok ... here we go again .
1	i thank him again for his understanding .
1	so i am satisfied to take my car to team ford .
1	great car buying service from sales to financing .
1	highly recommend !
1	fast and great service , thanks team ford !
1	jeremy is so knowledgeable , helpful and very patient .
1	no pressure , friendly service in each and every department .
1	the service department was expedient and friendly .
1	my car now runs great !
1	very patient and helpful .
1	probably one of our best experiences looking to purchase a new vehicle so far .
1	my boyfriend loves his car .
1	great car buying service from sales to financing .
1	the best car buying experience i 've ever had .
1	well worth the drive .
1	completely satisfied .
1	they give you the proper interest rate with the credit score you have .
1	he was really knowledgeable , kind , and a honest person .
1	they are great !
1	jessica was super nice and told me it would be just a minute .
1	excellent customer service !
1	he is compassionate and cares about his patients .
1	reasonably priced and good quality work .
1	i called ahead and they put items on hold for me at the front .
1	excellent customer service !
1	the customer service here is excellent .
1	manager and customer service rep were extremely nice and efficient .
1	thank you !
1	i love always checking out what 's new to look at !
1	the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly .
1	they are always helpful and friendly .
1	he is very pleased .
1	i broke my right big toe last august .
1	i am very happy with my experience here .
1	the late night bowling thing is pretty fun too if you 're into that .
1	score !
1	the rooms are nice and clean and a good size also .
1	a surprise off the strip .
1	this is a surprising little spot off the las vegas strip .
1	this place is fantastic !
1	the inside park is a great place to cool off in summer .
1	good parking as well .
1	this is one of my favorite hotels in las vegas !
1	the casino is what it is , and the buffet was decent .
1	the bowling lanes were also great .
1	thanks so much !
1	you and your kids will be entertained here .
1	also the have a free light show every couple hours in the atrium .
1	there is a movie theater and a bowling alley on site as well .
1	you and your kids will be entertained here .
1	all in all highly recommended .
1	i went to the buffet and it was great .
1	i would return , though i moved to the southwest part of town .
1	have fun !
1	people are so pleasant .
1	stayed last weekend .
1	the light shows here are super cool .
1	the cleaning staff was very nice .
1	great rates , amenities , and decent food .
1	gambling has all you can ask for including a nice size sports book .
1	crap tables were fun , coffee house was good , food was good .
1	love this casino and hotel !
1	i must say i was really impressed !
1	the hotel rooms were clean and comfortable .
1	i will be back and bring the family next time !
1	longtime customer of the restaurants and the gaming .
1	it is a family orientated as a casino can be .
1	also , it has a bowling alley .
1	i love that it offers a little bit of an outdoor feel .
1	a must see if you 're at sams town .
1	sam 's town hotel and casino is quite nice .
1	had our family reunion here and enjoyed it so much .
1	staff and dealers were very nice .
1	bingo was so much fun .
1	i really enjoyed staying at sam 's town !
1	wonderful place to spend some time off the strip .
1	their comps are pretty nice too .
1	i also like the bingo tournaments they have it 's fun .
1	there are also a few restaurants located inside that have very good eats .
1	the rooms are nice .
1	the staff at the hotel desk was very friendly and helpful .
1	sweet sea meat that is cooked perfectly !
1	great place to stay and hang out with family and friends .
1	terrific bowling alley , nice theater and cool relaxing pool .
1	the food is great , there 's plenty to do .
1	the rooms are nice , and the pool is good !
1	i always look forward to returning .
1	the service is great .
1	however , i did visit and had a wonderful experience .
1	the other girls are definitely helpful as well just very quiet .
1	clean place always playing good music .
1	his workmanship is great and for the quality of work his prices are outstanding .
1	very good price !
1	small one man shop , but you get the personal touch .
1	i would highly recommend this place !
1	looked very professional and the outcome was excellent .
1	good job steve !
1	the owner did a fantastic job .
1	my boss recommended him and he did well and my car looks great .
1	this guy is so nice and professional .
1	always an excellent job .
1	awesome job !
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	highly recommended !
1	amazing service !
1	looks great !
1	super reasonable price !
1	most definitely making an appointment for my wife next week !
1	steve will take care of you and stand behind his work .
1	steve is incredibly hard working , honest and knowledgable .
1	employees and staff are all very friendly and provide excellent customer service and info .
1	oops ! )
1	sunny actually was well behaved because she felt comfortable .
1	happy to have found this practice !
1	super friendly staff !
1	they were very kind to her and everything came out good .
1	i grew up with animals , and our vets were never really caring doctors .
1	it was a fun and memorable ceremony .
1	we had so much fun !
1	limo pick-up , elvis was the best , great pics !
1	this place was pretty cool .
1	it was pretty awesome and a lot of fun !
1	the booking process was very easy , and the ceremony was a great time .
1	elvis was perfect , and i ca n't wait to get our pictures .
1	my good friend renewed his vows here .
1	the elvis was hilarious and did a great job .
1	my friend and his wife were very happy with the experience .
1	priceless !
1	we got married there this last weekend and it was great !
1	exceeded our expectations !
1	a great time was had by all .
1	the staff was very organized and elvis was so authentic .
1	the staff was great and elvis was amazing !
1	elvis renewed our vows and it was amazing !
1	very professional .
1	my husband and i just got married here last week and it was perfect !
1	booked a helicopter wedding .
1	wife loved the flowers .
1	the staff were great .
1	absolutely the best experience if you 're going to get married in vegas .
1	beautiful inside the chapel .
1	everyone was so very nice and made the experience that much better .
1	love , love , love .
1	everyone was professional .
1	worth every penny and did not disappoint !
1	had a wonderful time here !
1	totally got what we had expected !
1	it was amazing !
1	i love this place !
1	he said very good and touching things .
1	the all elvis package was just so hilarious !
1	the wedding pictures blew me away .
1	we had the ca n't help falling in love package and elvis was outstanding .
1	would recommend for anyone looking to have a good time !
1	so good !
1	other people in my party ordered mexican fare and truly enjoyed it .
1	so good !
1	the good : my food has always been excellent .
1	if you want a classy joint , of _num_ star service go somewhere else .
1	it 's remarkably clean .
1	went back a second time for the works hot dog so ... good !
1	i 'm always happy with the taste and cook of it .
1	this place is worth checking out if you love pizza crust like i do .
1	so many delicious choices !
1	the very best .
1	i was pleasantly surprised he reached out personally to set up a meeting .
1	his staff was very caring and the office was nice , too .
1	dr. banks is hands down amazing !
1	friendly atmosphere .
1	great customer service .
1	great service , great atmosphere for all .
1	perfect cut .
1	really good old and new school soul music playing the background .
1	how many barber shops do you honestly know that treat you like family ?
1	highly , highly , highly recommend !
1	at any rate it was the best thing that could have happened .
1	best haircut my husband has had in years !
1	hopefully we can go back to vegas and go back !
1	`` a cut above the rest ! ''
1	he 's been in the business 20+ years and knows what 's up .
1	they make everyone feel welcome .
1	man this place is the spot in vegas !
1	hands down the best cut i ever got !
1	got a cut by tj who is the son of the owner .
1	also got ta love the old school hot towel before he used anything !
1	all the barbers are hungry and professional .
1	he did an awesome job and exceed my expectations .
1	it is right next door .
1	it is worth the drive downtown .
1	they take care of each person as if you 're family .
1	love the environment and the diversity of the barbers and clientele !
1	the fort itself is attached to a museum and it was neat in itself .
1	go and enjoy !
1	they get our product in right away and we never have any issues .
1	adam and his team are clearly professional .
1	do not go anywhere else , these guys are the best !
1	the guys at the front are very nice and helpful .
1	it was worth every penny .
1	i highly recommend fast fix .
1	walked in and they cleaned and inspected my wedding and engagement ring for free !
1	i will go back again !
1	they fixed it fast and free !
1	with the great customer service comes quality work also .
1	the best !
1	fantastic through the whole experience .
1	they saved the day and the price was great .
1	so glad that this kind of service is still available !
1	customer for life !
1	great quality for a great price .
1	what a little gem !
1	this place is so vegas and so cool i love it .
1	they did a wonderful job .
1	what an amazing place !
1	great on customer service .
1	thanks a lot in a tight jam .
1	the flowers are fresh and can be sent up to the rooms as well .
1	very , very clean place !
1	lovely service .
1	it was superb !
1	it proved be very tasty , but more than we could finish .
1	this place is a gem hidden in the valley and deserves your appetite .
1	good guac .
1	service is decent .
1	we had a shrimp molcajete and it was delicious .
1	awesome place !
1	authentic mexican food and great customer service .
1	i had a pork taco and it was delicious .
1	great food .
1	great music , live music or on the radio .
1	i will continue to go there .
1	the chicken and beef molcajete was delicious !
1	coming from the bay i must say this spot is official !
1	they put alot of ceviche !
1	it 's cheap fresh and amazing !
1	super busy during dinner , come early , but it 's worth it !
1	cold beers good food and tunes - great vegas trip !
1	will definitely be back !
1	our server was nice and we had an overall great experience !
1	if you 're a fan of meaty goodness .
1	the service was exemplary , the atmosphere was warm and very mexican .
1	all the staff is really nice .
1	it 's delicious !
1	i highly recommend to try this place out .
1	waitresses are fantastic with nice personalities !
1	this place is awesome !
1	my daughter really enjoys coming to school and loves her teachers .
1	enjoy !
1	been coming here for years and will continue to come !
1	the best authentic mexican food in town !
1	foods great .
1	by far my favorite mexican food .
1	the service is great and food tastes delicious .
1	they have really great tasting steak with vegetables and the pastas taste really good !
1	highly recommend !
1	the fish ceviche tostadas and oysters are good here .
1	she is so sweet and nice to talk to .
1	i 'm going to recommend this place to all my family friends .
1	please come here to do your taxes and save $ !
1	so professional and courteous , wish i had found them sooner .
1	mary was so friendly and professional .
1	all the great reviews are definitely well deserved .
1	this tour rocks , and it 's free !
1	have also used them for parts and they are very efficient .
1	it looked great and ca n't wait to put it to use .
1	fast service excellent quality .
1	abc is our go-to upholstery shop for our retail and casino locations .
1	quick and beautiful .
1	you can see the pride of craftsmanship .
1	everyone was very knowledgeable and friendly .
1	great job guys .
1	i just bought a `` new '' acura on a private sale .
1	he really made everything easy and explained everything to us !
1	staff very nice .
1	thank you !
1	our first visit : this place is top notch !
1	much appreciated !
1	this is a great place !
1	dr. eric is simply amazing !
1	he is my favorite doctor if all time !
1	definitely will be back .
1	great deal !
1	i will always be thankful for their kindness !
1	i agree there are an excessive amount of steps .
1	was actually done with my appt .
1	very helpful .
1	amazing !
1	great service most trusted mechanic in vegas .
1	the guys there this morning were also cool .
1	he was right and it saved me some $ $ .
1	well ... .
1	he is kind , gentle , personable and very professional !
1	excellent .
1	this is absolutely the best dentist i have been to .
1	he is very honest and professional .
1	i am do grateful that i have found a dentist with integrity .
1	convenient , clean , comfortable .
1	staff is outstanding .
1	we loved our visit dr carla is awesome and kim is great as well .
1	it 's a starbucks , it serves what i need .
1	the employees are always welcoming and even remember our drinks .
1	the service at this location was quick and easy .
1	hopefully they win next time .
1	the place was filled with families and fun people .
1	its a great place to catch a fun game .
1	outing .
1	we received friendly service from everyone there and the stadium was pretty clean .
1	: - ) great family outing .
1	i really enjoy the games .
1	it was good to see the home town boys do so well .
1	love attending baseball games here .
1	wally is the best manager this organization has had .
1	this is a fun night .
1	enjoy !
1	great time at the baseball game .
1	the remember patients names and are comforting .
1	they are all wonderful !
1	dr. daniel is a state treasure .
1	the staff is friendly and efficient .
1	i especially love char .
1	check it out !
1	great great place .
1	very professional and a great eye for fashion .
1	wow !
1	she helped with my tux selection because she has excellent taste .
1	he truly takes pride in his business !
1	i highly recommend tuxedo junction !
1	she was very knowledgeable and professional .
1	thank you for a great experience .
1	the absolute best .
1	thank you so much for making this part of the wedding a breeze !
1	fast in and out ... awesome service by rebecca .
1	best place ever , affordable , simple and great variety !
1	awesome place for tuxedo rentals !
1	really great place to get a tux rental !
1	my wedding day was perfect !
1	the return timing was very generous .
1	staff were very friendly and helpful .
1	thank you !
1	thank you very much julio .
1	fast and very friendly service very accommodating highly recommend .
1	great service !
1	what a great job she did .
1	highly recommend tuxedo junction on sahara .
1	he is very caring and will go out of his way to help you .
1	he will see you at a drop of a hat !
1	many of my friends use him as well .
1	the office staff is very friendly and professional !
1	my massage was awesome and the adjustment felt amazing !
1	they treat the dogs like they are family .
1	took my little guy here today and they did a fantastic job .
1	very upbeat and great customer service .
1	simply the best !
1	my favorite place by far !
1	i refer everyone to them !
1	he loves it there .
1	very nicely run with friendly and attentive staff .
1	our dogs always look so good and clean when they 're done .
1	this place really has a lot of treatment rooms !
1	my facial was probably one of the best facials i have ever had .
1	the lime and ginger body treatment was amazing too .
1	my wife and i thoroughly enjoyed our pedicures .
1	nice ambience .
1	the facility was nice and clean .
1	the service was nice .
1	she 's great !
1	i highly recommend them .
1	food , awesome like always .
1	i give this subway location _num_ stars because it 's well deserved .
1	staff was friendly , fast service , and it was a clean location .
1	i will definitely be coming here again .
1	beautiful little flower shop hidden in a not so beautiful plaza .
1	its family owned , the flowers are gorgeous , and fairly priced .
1	the flowers are so fresh and the prettiest i 've ever seen anywhere !
1	the owner is super nice and definitely knows what shes doing .
1	everyone knows that flowers make a fantastic gift for almost any occasion .
1	everyone knows that flowers make a fantastic gift for almost any occasion .
1	this place has really good quality flowers for what you 're paying for .
1	strongly recommended .
1	i absolutely recommend this place !
1	if you are looking for beautiful flowers then this is the place for you !
1	: ) they have fantastic service .
1	definitely recommending this place for guys to get something unique for their girls .
1	would definitely recommend them !
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	super pleased with my purchase and my experience here !
1	huge variety !
1	would definitely recommend as they have a large selection of roses to choose from .
1	thanks flower festival !
1	check out the pictures i posted .
1	i highly recommend to anyone looking for high quality flowers at a reasonable price .
1	all kidding aside , a clean , good , fast-food restaurant .
1	they have a great value menu .
1	the chicken soft tacos are incredible as are their chicken quesadillas .
1	her work is precise and invisible .
1	the quality of her supplies is better than you can purchase retail .
1	went in a job and was very very happy with the workmanship .
1	there 's always a line .
1	this starbucks is perfect !
1	service is amazing !
1	we keep coming back to this place !
1	i get excellent service about _num_ % of the time .
1	had a great experience today at this location .
1	little moments like these make a huge difference and essentially show respect and kindness .
1	thank you for the extra effort that was truly appreciated .
1	i love this location !
1	cheapest pho in town and consistently pretty good to boot .
1	friendly office staff , nice building , great service .
1	they 're extremely clean and really organized .
1	great service , so happy with them !
1	such a find !
1	these guys are great .
1	thanks guys .
1	great !
1	quick service and even better customer service .
1	professional staff as well .
1	excellent experience .
1	two thumbs up !
1	thanks mindy !
1	thank you brian !
1	thankfully they had my battery in stock & changed it right away .
1	always done the same .
1	quiet little spot with like _num_ tables .
1	good mongolian beef .
1	good prices .
1	sweet sour soup is very good i will be back soon !
1	awesome .
1	this place is great !
1	definitely worth it for the amount of food you get and its pretty legit .
1	we will return , good eats .
1	the service was very friendly and the gyros were great !
1	i love finding places like this that are family run .
1	this is one of my favorite lunch spots .
1	the food is great and reasonably priced .
1	the staff is wonderfully friendly .
1	great stuff !
1	thick tasty cucumber sauce ( better than mad greek ) and friendly family joint .
1	best gyros , best baklava !
1	i was very impressed ... .
1	what a cool store !
1	mr. bill 's is now high up on my `` must visit '' list !
1	the price is awesome .
1	always friendly .
1	we will be back ... .
1	i was impressed with the cashier my last visit .
1	jamaican food !
1	so i accidentally found this spot after getting groceries while on vacation in vegas .
1	this one excited me !
1	it was fabulous !
1	everything was soooo good !
1	had the oxtail small plate and it was so darn good .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	please go and taste for yourself .
1	but yeah , nothing special .
1	i love eating here !
1	hit the spot as always .
1	i am the queen of hot sauce , so this place hit the spot .
1	oh , and great customer service .
1	give this place a shot !
1	but the food is good worth the money i will return for more .
1	i enjoy this place and it 's my second time coming .
1	mind blowing great !
1	recommend this restaurant to everyone who is need of some island food .
1	would definitely recommend this place !
1	great service .
1	very friendly .
1	highly recommended for casual lunch !
1	it comes with their classic sweet & sour sauce & red rice .
1	great portion size ( took half home ) .
1	the overall menu is not exactly the thai food i expect .
1	i definitely think this is a good place to go for lunch .
1	huge plus on the free thai ice tea refills !
1	they have ground pork in these with a spice to it !
1	very good thai food .
1	everything tasted different than the real `` thai original bbq '' .
1	but it was the best i 've tasted in las vegas !
1	highly recommend this place if you love that food .
1	all is awesome .
1	it was so good .
1	love thai bbq !
1	soooo delicious !
1	with that said , i come for the food and the service .
1	the two women in there were really nice and fast .
1	they cook everything fresh .
1	great and friendly service .
1	enjoy !
1	the spare ribs with fried rice from the lunch menu was great .
1	it was very good n service was prompt .
1	the cucumber salad is a must !
1	service is always on point and the food never disappoints .
1	you can thank me later !
1	yellow curry is good also , andy is the man !
1	disgusting but the food is good !
1	been coming here since day one it opened .
1	thai tea is always on point , with refills .
1	very friendly and helpful .
1	beef satay is like candy , pad tai is perfect .
1	the most honest , thorough and reasonable auto repair place i 've found .
1	wow was i pleasantly surprised .
1	trish and frank were friendly efficient and inexpensive .
1	thanks guys you are awesome .
1	friendly and fairly priced .
1	would definitely recommend them .
1	hands down the best place to take your mini !
1	they seriously care more about my mini than i do !
1	they do the best work and are knowledgeable about the car !
1	both bill and trish really take care of you .
1	fast , reliable , honest , and affordable .
1	best place in vegas for mini service .
1	they always honor their warranty things .
1	that kinda stuff works to create loyalty .
1	thanks guys for the great work and customer service as always : ) .
1	absolutely the best place to have your cars serviced !
1	the equipment is good ; the action is decent .
1	pretty cool place .
1	spacious has tons of tables both full size and bar size .
1	the owners are really friendly .
1	i picked it up the following day and the quality was fantastic .
1	we all order the cheesesteak and it 's tasty !
1	we also enjoyed the hot italian .
1	will definitely go back the next time we 're in vegas !
1	the sandwich platter that we got was like thanksgiving wrapped into a bun .
1	it was great .
1	the sandwiches are very good .
1	amazing .
1	awesome concept for a sandwich !
1	ahhh good times and capriotti 's keeps the good times rolling .
1	it truly is as good as it gets !
1	perfection .
1	and all three of those are top tier .
1	the bobbie , the bobbie !
1	one of the best sandwich spots in vegas , imo .
1	love their catering trays .
1	best sandwiches in vegas .
1	the ingredients are awesome and the bread is incredible .
1	i love this place .
1	worth it !
1	the service is great as well !
1	it was wonderful .
1	: ) service was very friendly .
1	the place is clean and well taken care of .
1	i 'd recommend you try it if you have n't yet .
1	what a great sandwich shop .
1	great place to eat .
1	great staff always getting orders correct and fast !
1	this place is wonderful !
1	great restaurant , great customer service .
1	the customer service is top notch .
1	they are very professional .
1	i highly recommend them to anybody looking for piano movers .
1	they are very professional and easy to work with !
1	great job !
1	always been great .
1	they 're friendly and prompt .
1	eric is first of all a great caring courteous person .
1	i highly recommend and will be calling him for my next move .
1	they give good care of everything .
1	they are careful and efficient .
1	such a pleasant experience , i will definitely use them again .
1	you are the best and i highly recommend the careful move !
1	they were very helpful and thorough .
1	he was easy to work with and delivered the piano in perfect shape .
1	just fantastic .
1	great attitude , careful and gentle technique .
1	these guys are great , professional , total pros at their job .
1	read my other reviews , i only hire the best !
1	if you care about your piano , hire the best .
1	the service at this j in the b location makes the food taste better .
1	super clean for a fast food joint and good food .
1	i highly recommend going here .
1	i have had great service and i 'll be here from now on !
1	and they are all over las vegas which is great .
1	we came here from a groupon deal and they are really great .
1	they were really fast friendly and helpful .
1	fast service and reasonable prices .
1	good spot , off the strip , to catch a movie .
1	good luck .
1	very kind , courteous and hard workers .
1	we love the indie films and this met our needs .
1	so gamble a bit , see a movie , repeat as necessary !
1	solid movie theater , recently renovated and standard city prices .
1	great popcorn , and real butter at this location .
1	the snack offerings and popcorn portions are great .
1	great staff !
1	loved the vet !
1	this helps especially when all you need are shots and nothing else .
1	great experience .
1	i will travel the extra miles for this vet again .
1	he is compassionate and honest .
1	got ta say to find this place close to me was a real treat .
1	not too fancy of an interior but the food is great .
1	i loved this place .
1	i really would recommend this place to anyone .
1	ana is also super nice .
1	this place was great !
1	best _num_ bucks i ever spent .
1	excellent service , excellent job !
1	i absolutely loved anna 's work !
1	she found the right material and fixed it for $ _num_ .
1	honest and straight forward .
1	another plus they are super friendly and super fast !
1	had a tom type of soup with coconut milk that was really fantastic .
1	the help was nice and service was pretty quick for our late lunch .
1	the food is very delicous and i always leave this place satisfied .
1	i recommend the bbq pork appetizer .
1	good food , waiter not that attentive .
1	everything here is done just to my liking .
1	i will go back to vegas one day just for this restaurant !
1	nice rich gravy , nice load of seafood , great taste .
1	they even deliver it to the door step of your hotel room !
1	i always order the beef with brown sauce .
1	very yummy !
1	and their combination fried rice is also very yummy !
1	the food was well prepared and fresh .
1	it was great and we 'll go back .
1	the food is awesome at this place .
1	great service too .
1	always quick to serve good , tasting affordable lunches !
1	we ordered numerous dishes and everyone seemed to enjoy them .
1	pretty tasty .
1	friendly staff .
1	each time was really good .
1	i love this place !
1	best hangover food other than stake and eggs .
1	and the pad thai is about the best ever .
1	we checked out the reviews and was do happy we did .
1	everything in the menu is delicious .
1	the food is amazing .
1	there were plenty of seating , nice decorations , and service was fast .
1	yes , this place is as good as it gets .
1	the staff is exceptionally attentive .
1	great service .
1	anyone ive ever taken there or ordered with loves it .
1	they deliver !
1	good flavors , decent portions , shrimp was rubbery though .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas .
1	delicious !
1	love it .
1	i also recommend the walnut shrimp if you like sweet food .
1	place seems clean and waitress is always sweet .
1	was a great place to get both thai and chinese food .
1	he is a fan now !
1	this place was the best and i mean the very best !
1	the food is amazing and the wait was very short !
1	highly recommended .
1	this is one the best restaurants ever !
1	staff is very polite and restaurant is very nice and clean !
1	the tom kha is really good too .
1	totally worth trying .
1	this is it !
1	the chicken fried rice is my favorite !
1	i recommend this to everyone who asks .
1	it 's kind of pricey , but overall it was good .
1	this was our favorite - we love thai food and this place is great .
1	to my surprise all the flavor were there .
1	fast delivery and great food !
1	i recommend to all ages and good pricing .
1	the lunch specials are good , quick , and very price worthy .
1	love this restaurant .
1	the food here is excellent .
1	the people that work here are super nice and helpful with the menu .
1	clean , nice atmosphere .
1	prices are great and the food was excellent .
1	i have been here a few times with my family and love their food !
1	great food !
1	and the curry was pretty amazing .
1	fast delivery and the sweet and sour jumbo shrimp was very delicious !
1	the food is really good ... lots and lots of choices on the menu .
1	wait staff ... .
1	great job ... great food .
1	i will start saying the restaurant is clean .
1	interesting lady .
1	overall i highly recommend this place whenever your in town .
1	amazing resturant !
1	the servers get to you quickly , they 're always so friendly and helpful .
1	highly recommend !
1	i love it .
1	very good menu selection with many many items that will please anyone 's appetite .
1	very good lunch , service , and atmosphere .
1	thai food is one of my faves and this place was outstanding .
1	it was all very tasty .
1	great portions .
1	i love their thai tea .
1	prices are decent for the portion sizes .
1	will be back again !
1	the food was delicious and flavorful .
1	good times !
1	their other food choices are good too .
1	they also have great graveyard specials too .
1	unbelievably inexpensive and pretty tasty !
1	good food and it 's open late ... .
1	great food !
1	yeah it 's good stuff i got them hooked !
1	the price is always economical !
1	the food was very flavorful and came with guacamole and pico de gallo .
1	they deliver !
1	that hits it out of the park for me !
1	excellent food .
1	we ordered a lot of food and they were amazing .
1	delicious mexican food for cheap .
1	this place is amazing !
1	i work at a call center and we often order out .
1	fish taco done son !
1	beef enchiladas !
1	amazing chicken chimichangas !
1	has a bar with tvs showing soccer games .
1	tacos were good enough that i ordered two more !
1	great food , decent prices , excellent service .
1	the staff is very friendly .
1	this place is great !
1	they squeeze fresh orange juice right at the bar ... yum !
1	the creole mustard dressing was superb .
1	the crust of the pie and sausage roll was amazing .
1	the curry chicken was surprisingly good .
1	the irish nachos are a must .
1	the staff is friendly .
1	great place , good food .
1	they also have some pretty cool live music from time to time .
1	it 's rare to walk out having less than a great experience .
1	its always on the menu and always delicious .
1	decent selection of beer and good food !
1	still love this place .
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	the fish was moist and fried perfectly .
1	breakfast blt good too .
1	friendly staff .
1	i had the fish and chips and it was pretty darn tasty .
1	great irish pub !
1	a great place to eat .
1	the food is very good , the service is excellent .
1	it 's a great place to go for breakfast .
1	the food is good and the staff is super friendly .
1	great irish coffee and great selection of european beers !
1	really neat irish bar !
1	service was excellent and the food was amazing .
1	quite possibly the best corned beef i 've ever had !
1	priced right too !
1	service was wonderful .
1	loved our visit , and will return on next trip to lv .
1	best fish and chips i have ever eaten .
1	a real irish pub serving great food and drinks .
1	great irish pub !
1	amazing !
1	perfect !
1	best irish pub in all of vegas .
1	get the fish and chips , you 'll thank me .
1	this is a great place with good food and a wonderful atmosphere .
1	great food , great vibe and very nice people .
1	this place rocks .
1	this place is awesome !
1	they were delicious !
1	the food was great and so was the beer .
1	my happy place .
1	so that 's a bonus .
1	friday night , i finally tried their fish and chips : they were delightful .
1	atmosphere was lovely , and our server was very nice and attentive .
1	my two favorite bar food items : chicken tenders and nachos .
1	we also ordered dinner ala carte .
1	service from our waiter was spot on and friendly .
1	great and friendly staff which is very important .
1	two thumbs up !
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	i got my meal free for my birthday with their rewards system !
1	their awesome !
1	we also had the artichoke dip and were really impressed .
1	the service was also super nice .
1	we really enjoy everything we 've had here .
1	the food was great and this place is great for groups .
1	fries and chips are excellent as well .
1	servers are friendly , fast and engaging .
1	blackened chicken nachos are great !
1	she recommended an awesome beer and very friendly .
1	seriously in love with this pub .
1	all in all a great meal ... .
1	friendly bartenders , amazing happy hour and drink specials .
1	their food selection is fantastic .
1	also , way cheaper for quality drinks right next to the strip .
1	i enjoyed looking around at the interesting old photos and memorabilia on the walls .
1	great staff .
1	the service here also is excellent !
1	the irish nachos are the best i get them every time i go .
1	awesome !
1	big portions , excellent service , great food .
1	great pub .
1	great food , and service .
1	this place is great !
1	i love coming here in the evenings .
1	even though it 's busy , the service is still timely and friendly .
1	makes a huge difference !
1	fun local crowd as this is off the beaten path ( strip ) .
1	this is the best corned beef and cabbage i have ever had !
1	great value for the lunch specials .
1	he works weekends late night shift .
1	the best irish pub in vegas for sure .
1	great beer and food choices .
1	the place has a very laid back and comfortable vibe .
1	definately became one of my favorite bars .
1	awesome !
1	bar staff was great , very friendly and fast .
1	met some friendly regulars and enjoyed a few cold pints .
1	dallas is very good as the trivia master .
1	hot and fresh .
1	our glasses stayed full !
1	highly recommended !
1	i look forward to coming back again !
1	my husband and i always come here .
1	the food is excellent .
1	the breakfast was excellent .
1	i love the taste of their potatoes along with the omelet .
1	best fish and chips in town .
1	always great service always great food .
1	ordered medium irish nachos and they were amazing !
1	well , this place is his winner .
1	irish breakfast is delicious !
1	curry pot pie was great !
1	this place is great .
1	oh yeah , this is the place to be .
1	absolutely love this place for so many reasons .
1	what a great pub !
1	it 's a good casual date night place .
1	the whiskey and scotch menu is decent .
1	food and service was excellent .
1	chef ivan 's florentine was spectacular !
1	irish pie with steak was great as well .
1	my favorite go to spot for gathering with friends .
1	tuesday night trivia is always a blast .
1	true comfort food .
1	it had a great irish atmosphere that we loved .
1	coming from boston , i always enjoy a nice irish pub .
1	great place to catch up and take friends from out of town !
1	it 'll get you some great deals and discounts !
1	wait staff is great and always in good spirits !
1	great find in my area .
1	super small but super authentic .
1	great variety of fresh marinated meats available .
1	by far the best carne asada tacos in town !
1	best tacos and guacamole around !
1	i came in to get some carne asada and it was good !
1	thank god for this place !
1	fresh meat nice service great prices .
1	thanks jeff and team .
1	very hospitable , knowledgable , and have exceptional customer service !
1	easy .
1	small tables & booth seating available .
1	i recommend all my friends and family to aloha nails .
1	thank you christina you are the best !
1	her staff is wonderful as well !
1	kenny is hilarious and fantastic !
1	get off the strip for an affordable and good pedicure .
1	they are amazing !
1	so fabulous !
1	the nail techs all in there are so family friendly !
1	my friends love this place .
1	thanks aloha nails !
1	warm atmosphere !
1	i got acrylics and gel on top and it was $ _num_ .
1	if anyone asks me about where they should go , i always recommend aloha !
1	i am pleased with my pretty nails !
1	great service , always .
1	thank you christina for my nails .
1	love you guys .
1	vey nice stuff and unique tile products .
1	i would recommend it to anyone .
1	contact anne to do your nails and pedicure .
1	she will take an extra care of you !
1	it 's a small little store with a lot of sweet varieties .
1	small but packed with all the essentials !
1	it 's a cute place , that offers cool items .
1	it all came out beautiful !
1	i highly recommend them for any stone work you are doing in your home .
1	the bartender on shift greeted us very nicely !
1	nice relaxing place to chill play a few bucks ... .
1	the sides were very good , but seemed a little lighter than normal .
1	open till 3am awesome wine great steak and service .
1	i had the fish ceviche tostada and a shrimp tostada .
1	the service was good the server was very attentive .
1	they serve beer and alcohol good tequila , micheladas .
1	i will come back here for sure !
1	it 's not far from the strip and you get authentic mexican food .
1	it 's about ten minutes away from the strip , but worth the drive .
1	our waitress was very helpful and attending .
1	thank you studio _num_ for a fantastic experience .
1	the artists are amazing .
1	but rest assured i was incredibly happy with my tattoo .
1	thank you !
1	ray was our tattoo guy and he is awesome .
1	the girlfriend loves hers , too .
1	charlie was my artist about a year ago and he does quality work .
1	the tattoos came out great .
1	i found the place on yelp - so thanks everyone !
1	this place is top notch .
1	i highly recommend studio _num_ !
1	definetly a class act !
1	his tattoo hand was fine and the work came out awesome .
1	amazing atmosphere .
1	best tattoo place in las vegas .
1	i did my research and was so happy with my results .
1	we were visiting from out of town and this was the perfect time .
1	studio _num_ is very professional and comfortable atmosphere for a tattoo .
1	all of the artists are amazing !
1	phil is the best !
1	i 'm seriously happy with the results and thanks phil and studio _num_ .
1	open to your ideas not just there 's !
1	clean friendly fun .
1	i can also mention great artists .
1	great family owned tattoo studio and gallery .
1	we love our tattoos , and we 'll definitely be back again !
1	i had a wonderful experience at studio _num_ .
1	first of all , the staff is very friendly and helpful .
1	it addition to great tattoos , it is also an art gallery .
1	i would absolutely recommend any of my friends to go here .
1	it is a bit pricey , but worth every penny .
1	would recommend this place to anyone !
1	everyone was so friendly and the shop was way clean !
1	i love this place !
1	studio _num_ is the best !
1	the layout of the store is awesome !
1	nick was very friendly and answered all my questions .
1	penny , the receptionist , is sweet as can be , and very accommodating .
1	jason is the best !
1	would recommend this shop in a heart beat !
1	but ... silver lining , nick was available and he did a great job !
1	i walked in and the reception was very friendly .
1	if you are looking for great quality work this is the place .
1	super nice guys who are wonderful artists and can create pretty much anything .
1	really nice place .
1	excellent work , healed really well and the experience was great .
1	definitely going to visit jason when i 'm in town again .
1	i would highly recommend anyone to this tattoo shop !
1	squash a penny in the lobby for a fun souvenir !
1	he did a fabulous job and i am so happy with my tattoo now .
1	it is worth it .
1	the service was above average , extremely clean and everyone was very friendly .
1	i am thrilled with both !
1	would highly recommend it .
1	the studio is clean and i felt the work area was comfortably sterile .
1	he always was nice and helped me making decisions to have a great tattoo .
1	price was perfect and so is my tattoo !
1	great experience !
1	i love it !
1	i definitely recommend both studio _num_ and tyson !
1	i will definitely come back !
1	friendly artists with good artwork and great service .
1	highly recommended !
1	will be back again for more ink !
1	not only did they do great at work .
1	the lines were clean on the tattoo , & the coloring was bright .
1	may the force be with you .
1	so extremely happy with my piece done by tyson !
1	lol i would definitely recommend tyson for any of your work !
1	first of all the studio is clean and has a fun yet professional atmosphere .
1	thanks so much for the great experience .
1	highly recommend to any and everybody !
1	it 's unique and i will be back .
1	well worth the price .
1	professional , clean , very friendly and quality work .
1	i 'm very proud of the work done by studio _num_ .
1	it 's a well designed place with a lot of detail to it .
1	so with that ... thanks austin and thanks studio _num_ !
1	highly highly recommended !
1	love joey the manager !
1	great experience getting my first tattoo here .
1	i would recommend studio _num_ and i will be back !
1	thanks guys .
1	he made me feel so comfortable and it took no time at all .
1	he 's a cool dude who def makes you feel comfortable .
1	i went home so happy !
1	i feel so much better about showing to people .
1	the tattoo shop is amazing .
1	this place is the best !
1	very happy with what we got and will definitely be back for more !
1	my artist tyson is a great artist and a dope person !
1	every experience is better than the last !
1	everything about studio _num_ is amazing .
1	priced very well and honestly very cheap for the talent there .
1	from start to end , this was a great experience .
1	it was nice and peaceful for eating .
1	i ordered a quick snack since i forgot to eat lunch .
1	i highly recommend this company .
1	i love this office .
1	everyone here is always friendly , helpful and the office smells fabulous !
1	so professional , responsive and friendly .
1	also , they still keep me happy for what i pay and amazing coverage .
1	ed and sarah always seem to come through and save the day .
1	he always gets the best rate with awesome customer service .
1	i brought my rug to be cleaned and they did a wonderful job .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	so happy to see a store with contemporary furniture .
1	we need more options for more modern tastes , this store fits the bill .
1	great designs and the owner is a pleasure to work with .
1	a wonderful shopping experience .
1	great little out of the way italian restaurant across from the palm 's hotel .
1	the bread was so yummy as well !
1	dinner portions are huge , well worth the moderate price .
1	the service is incredible as is the food and menu selections .
1	this is the best italian food in vegas bar none !
1	seems no one knows how good this place really is .
1	hands down this was the best italian food that i have ever had .
1	great food large portions , and a fair price .
1	it 's a great alternative to hotel food .
1	really easy to get there .
1	our waiter did a great job explaining the specials .
1	amazing italian food .
1	the service was attentive and our meals were tasty .
1	still ... osso bucco ... got ta try it !
1	this family owned restaurant has tasty specials , generally good food and good service .
1	the wait staff is very friendly and work well together .
1	thanks for all the good times .
1	well let me try .
1	it is so fresh and made from scratch .
1	the sauce for the alfredo was good .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	the experience was wonderful .
1	chicken parmesan very tender , salad is small and amazing.
1	a wonderful dining experience !
1	the meal was absolutely delicious i felt like i was back home !
1	service was excellent .
1	food is phenomenal !
1	my lunch club brought _num_ people here today after having enjoyed a previous visit .
1	we highly recommend this restaurant to our family and friends .
1	i highly recommend .
1	everything was delicious .
1	will definitely be back in our next trip to vegas in october .
1	what a great find in vegas !
1	excellent .
1	the lobster ravioli was fresh and delicious .
1	excellent .
1	the lobster ravioli was fresh and yummy .
1	the wine was well priced and delicious .
1	the salad actually taste fresh .
1	very few people , but still a nice atmosphere .
1	we had cheesecake for dessert and it was excellent .
1	i was delighted to find this place and will be back .
1	my favorite resturant in las vegas .
1	great food .
1	great place for a dinner date .
1	so want to go again !
1	the salads are great and so is everything else .
1	i thought the food was amazing .
1	really authentic italian food .
1	it was all great .
1	i 've ordered pizza for carryout a couple times here since i moved here .
1	it 's good .
1	very good !
1	we rented chairs and tables for our baby shower .
1	the people there are very friendly .
1	they loaded the chairs and tables into my truck .
1	he also has a nice staff .
1	he does what is necessary to maintain good customer service .
1	great place for tacos and burritos .
1	great customer service .
1	they are reasonably priced and have excellent customer service .
1	really nice and very professional .
1	my go to cleaning spot in town .
1	and the woman that did it ( forgot her name , sorry !
1	: [ ) and she did a great job .
1	he looked so handsome .
1	i will return to her .
1	over the top excited to find a permanent haircut spot for my nephew !
1	just make it look cute . ''
1	anyway , sandy gives the best fade ever !
1	worth the wait .
1	the place was very clean and the staff very friendly .
1	dinner special is absolutely amazing !
1	spectacular , beautiful , amazing , tremendously delicious ... .
1	chicken fried rice is amazing !
1	great food , fast delivery , very friendly people !
1	now i want to order from them right now !
1	service is ok .
1	this is my first time here but the staff are super nice .
1	delicious , inexpensive and fast .
1	i will definitely come back again for more !
1	love this place !
1	not so here - very good chinese for a very good price .
1	lots of traffic and regulars so dont take my word .
1	they keep everything well organized and it was easy to peruse the aisles .
1	it 's clean and quiet .
1	so overall , i had a great experience .
1	i love target !
1	the stores are always clean and organized !
1	do yourself a favor and check it out !
1	my best friend ... .
1	forever loves this place !
1	it is clean , near my house and the staff is awesome !
1	great experience .
1	staff is always friendly & knowledgable .
1	the staff was absolutely amazing .
1	the place was packed for the lunch hour with construction workers from the area .
1	great little dinner !
1	deserves all five stars !
1	we had two burgers that were really good .
1	i recommend this place !
1	excellent food & service .
1	best breakfast we 've had in the four days .
1	better than all those big name `` highly recommended '' places .
1	fantastic food and service !
1	just delicious !
1	great environment .
1	everyone friendly and greet you when walking in !
1	worth the drive !
1	all fresh ingredients .
1	tasty breakfast in an odd location .
1	once inside it was a better inside then the outside appearance !
1	but the breakfast is my favorite there .
1	great skillets for $ _num_ .
1	you leave full !
1	and their country seasoned potatoes were some of the best !
1	food was amazing & not to mention so was the prices .
1	very nice girls .
1	best nail place !
1	i loved my pedicure experience and will be returning !
1	the girls who did our pedicures were great .
1	my toes look and feel better than they have in a long time .
1	my nails always look amazing !
1	huge portions , great service and awesome food .
1	authentic mexican .
1	truly the best authentic mexican yet !
1	one of my best places to go , the steak cilantro is my fav .
1	the food was good .
1	the atmosphere is great .
1	he liked it .
1	great food , great service , and true mexican food .
1	they were very accomodating and the food was excellent .
1	she makes it even better than the other waiters .
1	best mexican in las vegas .
1	it 's fun and funky familiar mexican fair .
1	great service .
1	highly recommend .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	awesome place , with hilarious live music .
1	i had the carnitas , they were moist and flavorful .
1	got ta get the guac !
1	because the food is so good and authentic , i give them a pass .
1	great fish tacos !
1	real chips , real bean dip , real mexican food !
1	i love coming here and i love the food !
1	really good here .
1	service is excellent .
1	carnitas and i have this thing ... we love each other deeply .
1	mexican pizza is delicious .
1	great mexican food off of the strip .
1	best mexican food !
1	we had a great time and will definitely be back for more .
1	all in all it was a very pleasant experience .
1	the waiters were great.
1	atmosphere is very pleasant , the service is very good .
1	the avocado dip know as guacamole is very tasty but very high in calories .
1	my plate came with more beans and some rice both good .
1	great food !
1	drinks are also good .
1	as an added attraction there is a lady making tortillas right in the front .
1	great service too .
1	otherwise , service is usually pretty good overall .
1	its one of those must .
1	the salsa and chips were savory and spicy and had you wanting more .
1	not touristy - local favorite and off the strip .
1	best mexican food ever !
1	delicious , mouth watering fajitas .
1	outstanding service and even better margarita 's .
1	great mexican authentic food .
1	service and ambience were good .
1	it 's very delicious and highly recommended .
1	good food .
1	will definitely be back .
1	so they have great service .
1	wonderfully authentic mexican food !
1	nice live music , great family feel .
1	the service was great !
1	order the shrimp fajitas and they were delicious !
1	homemade tortillas were delicious !
1	would highly recommend this restaurant to my friends !
1	food was great .
1	highly recommend .
1	they serve complimentary warm bean dip and spicy salsa with fresh tortilla chips .
1	food selection and quality , service , bustling vibe , etc .
1	parking lot is huge , but it 's always packed .
1	you 'll see why , on your first visit .
1	i will be back again !
1	i definitely want to come back here again .
1	great service and food as always .
1	the tortillas both corn and flour are made fresh .
1	steak cilantro was amazing .
1	i moved to las vegas from phoenix where excellent mexican food is very common .
1	i love the live music and friendly staff , adds to the experience .
1	it really set the mood for a authentic mexican dining atmosphere .
1	very delicious restaurant with great service .
1	their carne asada was really good and guacamole amazing .
1	went here for lunch with my co-workers and it was a great experience .
1	service was good , food was okay i 'd give it _num_ .
1	i really like the food here .
1	overall solid choice for mexican , i 'll be back .
1	it is the best mexican food in all of las vegas nevada .
1	they were made perfectly !
1	they sang me happy birthday with a full mariachi it sounded like .
1	omg i 'm in love with this place .
1	vibe is great and waitstaff are wonderful .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	the service here is just excellent !
1	totally worth it !
1	mexican people is very positive , friendly and funny !
1	food is delicious and atmosphere is super romantic !
1	highly recommended ! )
1	great food .
1	love this place !
1	this is the best mexican food i 've ever tasted in las vegas .
1	the best mexican food i have ever eaten .
1	good drinks .
1	all of our food was so flavorful and obviously cooked with care .
1	the menu is large and the drinks are strong .
1	definite a solid place to check out .
1	it was really good .
1	it also came with your choice of tortillas .
1	this place is the best mexican food i 've found since moving to vegas !
1	see you soon !
1	great place for music , drinks and mariscos very friendly .
1	love the atmosphere !
1	they also have a great view of all the pretty lights from the strip .
1	our waiter was so nice - you truly feel welcome there .
1	excellent guac , and the shrimp and avocado salad was delicious .
1	i definitely found it here .
1	we loved this place !
1	love it !
1	everything is delicious !
1	the flavor was great !
1	the food is on on point !
1	will definitely be back .
1	great filling lunch specials too .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	great food and great service , parking is tight and come prepared to wait .
1	amazing flavor and a very large portion .
1	it 's well worth a stop .
1	will definitely go there again !
1	excellent and friendly staff ... .
1	the food is terrific as well .
1	great service , food and usually there 's fun music .
1	the food there is delicious , and the service fantastic .
1	great find .
1	juan is my absolute favorite server !
1	their birthday surprises are the best !
1	well worth the visit if you 're in vegas !
1	overall this place was very nice and i highly recommend stopping by .
1	this place is the real deal !
1	you 'll keep coming back for more !
1	this place is awesome !
1	go there once and you will go there again for sure .
1	great ambiance , friendly staff , and incredible food .
1	the kids loved everything .
1	excellent ambience .
1	consistently good food , decent prices , friendly service .
1	this is a nice restaurant for all occasions !
1	will definitely come back when i am in town .
1	table side guacamole is delicious and neat presentation made in front of you .
1	i 've tried about everything and loved it .
1	excellent customer service .
1	the food was delicious .
1	authentic mexican food .
1	came here with me and my _num_ friends we instantly were seated .
1	on yelp if you check in you get a free margarita it was delicious .
1	great food .
1	great food , good service , great margaritas .
1	its really mexican food in a great ambiance .
1	great place to eat !
1	venue is great .
1	the food was great and the service was exceptional !
1	this place has an authentic mexican vibe to it .
1	great place to have a birthday dinner !
1	my lunch was delicious !
1	the pasta soup they serve is so tasteful .
1	the margaritas are so delicious .
1	chips with salsa and beans are complimentary !
1	i ordered chicken enchiladas with green sauce and they were really good .
1	food was great !
1	they 're very satisfying here .
1	definitely will come back when in las vegas again .
1	prices are very reasonable .
1	this is my favorite place when i want mexican food .
1	just all around delicious authentic mexican food with authentic atmosphere .
1	hostess was beautiful and helpful .
1	cheesecake burrito was a new dessert worth trying .
1	we have always had excellent service and the food is phenomenal .
1	we always leave happy and satisfied .
1	found this place on accident while in vegas !
1	great place !
1	great decor !
1	great food !
1	so happy i did !
1	i 'm happy and full !
1	great spot .
1	good atmosphere .
1	would definitely recommend .
1	great and friendly staff .
1	good place to eat good decor and good food and drink .
1	the service is always great , even when they have a packed house .
1	the alcoholic drinks are nice and the tortillas are a must try !
1	the chips and salsa are delicious as is the fresh table side guacamole !
1	well worth a trip !
1	best food in town !
1	make sure to request richard as your server , he 's the best !
1	highly recommended .
1	it also was really good for a larger group .
1	their salsa is fresh and delicious .
1	this place is delicious !
1	the food was amazing .
1	we had this excellent waiter which i totally forgot his name .
1	carne asada plate was excellent .
1	the meat was cooked well .
1	if and when you are in town check this spot out .
1	the service is n't really the best but the food makes it worth it .
1	the staff was friendly and even had singing and dancing in the back .
1	i went the other day for lunch with a friend and was pleasantly surprised .
1	the restaurant is very authentic with hand painted chairs and decor .
1	i had the lunch special beef fajitas and loved them .
1	i also really liked the complimentary chips , bean dip and salsa .
1	dishes are large and full of maximum flavor .
1	i 'm in love !
1	we sat the bar , very clean .
1	the salsa and beans they start you off with are great .
1	it 's always packed hit the service is great .
1	i love the locals vibe .
1	will definitely be back !
1	always good food , and the service is always spot on .
1	great guacamole made at the table .
1	this place has great tasting classic mexican dishes .
1	the menu is amazing .
1	everything was delicious !
1	very good food and great portion : price ratio .
1	excellent mexican restaurant !
1	just ask for the extra spicy salsa ; it 's the best .
1	everything else tastes wonderful !
1	great staff , food and experience !
1	excellent food , excellent service and great atmosphere !
1	me and my family are regulars here .
1	good pricing , patient and very good staff !
1	super friendly and under new management !
1	but i 'm pretty happy with what was served .
1	we have had nothing put positive experiences with them all-around !
1	auto pro offers great service at a great price .
1	i will definitely go back .
1	i would recommend these good folks based on their honesty and integrity !
1	i never feel overcharged and the work is always on time and excellent .
1	i was happily surprised how good the pizza was .
1	stopped by this place on vacation ... amazing pizza !
1	the food always arrives quickly , and it always arrives hot .
1	the pizza looks so delicious and the wings smell good .
1	i have had a few different items and all good .
1	they have good affordable food .
1	a must destination for any locals craving for the best taste pizza making original .
1	great deal and the crew there were really nice .
1	they make food like back ny .
1	this pizza is awesome .
1	thanks vinny for taking such great care of your customers !
1	the service was amazing , very small place but busy as can be .
1	i have only tried the pizza and it was delicious all three times .
1	amazing service .
1	both were excellent !
1	the moment the pizza hit the table , it was gone .
1	great crust , cheese !
1	and great flavors .
1	best pizza i 've had in a very long time !
1	the handmade onion rings are crispy and delicious .
1	they are a perfect match to pair with the cheesesteak sub .
1	i 'm impressed !
1	i had the double steak with everything and it was pretty darn good !
1	great job !
1	this is our new pizza spot !
1	true new york style pizza and a terrific owner .
1	good ny style pizza .
1	well we were all pleasantly surprised .
1	it was still hot and delicious .
1	every order is always fresh , delicious and made right .
1	i 'm a fan .
1	my guys loved it too .
1	went here and sat in with my roommate for his birthday .
1	best pizza in las vegas .
1	we ordered the basil pesto and meat lovers .
1	sooo much flavor !
1	this place is a true authentic new york style pizza !
1	i got a hamburger and it was delicious !
1	the most amazing pizza crust hands down !
1	the best little hidden vegas secret !
1	one of the best pizza i have ever had .
1	good job guys thank you !
1	excellent flavor 's .
1	found this place on yelp .
1	i really recommend this place .
1	most importantly , the food is great !
1	first of all , vinny & the service were fantastic .
1	thanks vinny for the tasty pie & a great experience .
1	i got a pepperoni pizza and an order of garlic knots .
1	vinny was funny and well liked by customers who came in .
1	really good recommend giving it a try .
1	friendly staff !
1	excellent pizza , stromboli , ribs and wings !
1	i will return again and again !
1	check this place out - you 'll make it a regular stop .
1	freshest ingredients , great service and a welcome attitude .
1	trust me on this ; vinny is the best .
1	i loved everything about this place .
1	very small charming pizza joint .
1	had the white pizza with basil and it was delicious !
1	genuine and cool , he took the order and showed the seating area .
1	so that 's a pretty good deal .
1	the pizza is above average .
1	the food was nice and hot .
1	i would highly recommend food from here .
1	this is great !
1	so far everything i 've had has been super delicious and good !
1	and will keep coming back .
1	friendly people .
1	love the food !
1	vinny provides a ny pizza experience .
1	cheese and sauce excellent .
1	this is like a small hidden gem in las vegas .
1	cheesesteaks are also a delicious bite here .
1	very fast and friendly service !
1	great pizza at a great piece !
1	definitely making this a regular lunch spot !
1	probably my new favorite spot for pizza !
1	always taking care of you .
1	loved the cheese steak and pizza .
1	vinny and his pizza are both classic new york .
1	this is the best ny style pizza in vegas !
1	if you 're looking great new york pizza this is the place to come !
1	loved it all .
1	customer service was spectacular !
1	i thought that was a very nice touch .
1	great spot in vegas !
1	everything we had was amazing !
1	very friendly , great service , & great food flavors .
1	great job !
1	vinny is a great guy who even custom made our order of wings .
1	very fast delivery .
1	dear beloved .
1	as las vegas locals , we will definitely be coming back !
1	amazing !
1	i recommend you stop by and try out this gem !
1	the philly cheese steak pizza is the best ive ever had !
1	this place will not disappoint !
1	amazing pizza !
1	we 're locals and love it !
1	best pizza ever !
1	awesome food and service .
1	the pizza is perfect !
1	vinny is great , so glad i found this place !
1	this place is awesome .
1	customer service is also great i think the guy was the owner !
1	will definitely come back again on our next trip out in october !
1	kids and hubby loved pizza .
1	we all enjoyed the fries that came with gyro .
1	wings were pretty good .
1	the pizza is by far the best in las vegas .
1	it was so good , we ordered a second one .
1	so good !
1	good food.
1	great conversation with vinny .
1	first off they have superior customer service and are very humble and trust worthy .
1	ernesto is very kind .
1	i 'm a happy customer !
1	please give a chance to small businesses !
1	ernesto is awesome !
1	highly recommended !
1	as good as it gets .
1	i would highly recommend this place !
1	honesty compassion , quick and quality work made my experience wonderful .
1	i had the mushroom burger and fries and it was great .
1	and i will return again .
1	jackson 's rocks !
1	seriously , this a great place place for tourists and locals alike .
1	it turned out to be a great locals spot .
1	the bartender eddie was such a great guy was very very friendly .
1	i will return with respect !
1	the burgers are incredibly juicy and full of flavor .
1	we met some really cool locals .
1	love this place !
1	prices reasonable .
1	very friendly crowd .
1	this place is awesome !
1	the steaks cooked to perfection !
1	the steaks had a very good char on them too .
1	here we are back again for the great steak and great service !
1	i strongly recommend it .
1	- corona light on tap , which was cool .
1	very nice and attentive .
1	this will definitely become my new local spot !
1	pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and friendly service .
1	tender , seasoned well , and flavorful so that you can skip the a1 .
1	the food is amazing .
1	great find on a trip to lv .
1	one of the best rib eye steaks i 've ever tasted !
1	apple crisp pie for dessert was the perfect ending to an outstanding meal .
1	will definitely return .
1	i love the staff !
1	generous machines , great music , friendly .
1	the service are great !
1	thank you for taking care of us .
1	still one of the greatest steak deal anywhere in vegas .
1	unbelievable !
1	relaxed locals joint .
1	excellent service .
1	fantastic place for a low-key night out .
1	the food is exceptional .
1	best service , best chef , best food i 've ever had !
1	we will make this a regular stop on our visits to las vegas .
1	at my favorite spot again .
1	very friendly atmosphere great service and awesome food !
1	great flavor and the size was huge !
1	staff was nice too !
1	the food is great the music good and a very chill vibe .
1	wow !
1	the service is really hit or miss but the food is always really great !
1	good place to just chill and watch foot ball with good fried foods .
1	i came with my best friend and they gave us a warm welcome .
1	definitely recommend this place .
1	i got the prime rib special .
1	billy the bartender is awesome !
1	best sandwich ever !
1	you 'll feel right at home at this bar .
1	what a wonderful staff that takes care of your every need .
1	food is great !
1	love love love !
1	service is good and food is decent .
1	billy is hands down the best bar tender in las vegas .
1	cozy spot with delicious food and great service provided by denise .
1	the staff are always very friendly and get to know you .
1	this is the spot !
1	billy is hands down the best bar tender in las vegas .
1	seriously these guys but the goods into their burgers !
1	love this place !
1	i 'm so excited to see the final product !
1	thanks so much !
1	stylist brenda was very friendly , attentive and professional .
1	will definitely return for her attention .
1	i am very pleased with how this turned out .
1	she got all the hard to reach places .
1	their marketing team kinda sucks .
1	definitely easy , delicious , and very typical for dim sum .
1	other dishes are pretty good .
1	the must be that good .
1	we come all the time and each time so far has been excellent !
1	keep up the good work !
1	dim sum !
1	love this place .
1	it sure is yummy !
1	price was decent too .
1	loved it overall .
1	this place is great !
1	good dim sum .
1	great service , attentive but not pushy .
1	to sum it up , an excellent choice and great value .
1	in short : food was good , setting average , great value .
1	we recommend and will return .
1	food was terrific .
1	good dim sum in las vegas .
1	the place was packed and service was good.
1	went with my wife and kid dimsum were good.
1	changs really does a wonderful job .
1	this is pretty much the best dim sum you can get las vegas .
1	tofu flower is good dessert .
1	i like this place and their food is pretty authentic .
1	win .
1	the appearance is a bit dated but they keep it very clean .
1	i highly recommend ordering a drink because the water glasses are super small .
1	expensive ) restaurants owned by celebrity chefs , this is a good choice .
1	owners leo and helen chang , very nice !
1	nothing fancy , but good reliable dim sum .
1	this is a must eat place for dim sum !
1	service was good and the push carts were kept fresh .
1	nice dim sum restaurant .
1	just this dinner alone made our vacation all worth it .
1	food is pretty good and service is fast .
1	greatest dim sum in las vegas .
1	the varieties are great and the service is fast and friendly .
1	and i love the food .
1	however , chang 's was a pleasant surprise .
1	maybe i finally found a chinese restaurant that did it right !
1	pretty good dim sum menu .
1	this place was surprisingly good .
1	mongolian beef is exceptionally good !
1	yum !
1	highly recommend !
1	it 's all tasty and easy to chew !
1	employees are actually smiling .
1	i love dim sum and i really liked several things .
1	recommend !
1	we ordered about _num_ items and everything was tasty .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	service was really good here !
1	the food was still good and satisfying .
1	superb service .
1	good stuff .
1	very much enjoyed it .
1	prices are decent , service was good .
1	this was a good yelp review discovery .
1	the service was fast and food tasty .
1	excellent !
1	as for the quality of the food ... it 's usually pretty good .
1	everything very fresh .
1	good variety including some less common dishes .
1	the food was tasty and price point reasonable .
1	this place has really good dim sum .
1	try the hong kong seafood crispy noodles , they are the best !
1	decent representative of traditional chinese food outside of chinatown .
1	service can be slow and they 're not attentive but the food is good !
1	the service is great also , very on top of drinks .
1	i 've had their tom yum soup twice and it 's really good .
1	i 'm surprised the reviews here are so across the board .
1	the workers are soo friendly & nice .
1	this place is legit !
1	love this place , great food and service with a smile .
1	i love this place so much !
1	their lunch specials are great !
1	okay first time here .
1	and they manage to serve us quick and delicious .
1	the dishes here are consistently good .
1	thai spice is one of my favorite restaurants .
1	and it was definitely spiced well .
1	the egg roll and rice that came with my pepper steak was real good .
1	service was good and the food came out quick .
1	the food was very good and the service was great .
1	great food .
1	really friendly service , always on point .
1	it tastes like real authentic thai food .
1	dishes are consistently good , not overly saucy like some places .
1	if you 're in the area definitely check it out !
1	love love love this place !
1	this place is the real deal authentic thai food .
1	paired with fresh young coconut really sealed the deal .
1	food quality was great !
1	food & prices are awesome !
1	great food !
1	i would highly recommend any nervous bride to order and feel confident .
1	one thing i would recommend is picking your order up , though .
1	great pizza - a bit pricey , but worth it .
1	we will definitely hit this place up again and again .
1	their cheese pizza is outstanding .
1	but lasagna , salad , baked ziti ... reasonable prices and consistent quality .
1	love their thin crispy crust and delicious sauce !
1	i am from ny and enjoy my pizza .
1	the entire crew made us feel welcome !
1	i 'm loving the pasta with alfredo and bacon .
1	delivery is usually pretty quick .
1	rosa is definitely my go-to girl !
1	i highly recommend this place , so make sure you ask for her !
1	the glowing sign will guide you to a pasta pie happy ending .
1	overall , we thought it was good .
1	we got the metro , which is a deep dish style pizza .
1	great place with lots of specials and great people .
1	one of the best , if not the best in vegas !
1	very tasty combination of flavors service was solid .
1	both great choices for both flavor and presentation .
1	be sure to try this salad , it 's really good .
1	and i really , really like their cannolis for dessert .
1	this place was amazing .
1	great food , great atmosphere and the people there were really nice .
1	the meatball sliders are awesome !
1	very flavorful .
1	the garlic knots are the best i 've ever had .
1	went for lunch .
1	this is a local favorite .
1	metro pizza in general does above average pizza and italian food .
1	stuffed pizza !
1	excellent service from seating to eating .
1	fantastic .
1	pizza was excellent .
1	that was part of the fun !
1	i got the pepperoni pizza and it was good .
1	price fair .
1	great marinara , and awesome thin crust pizza .
1	i love metro pizza !
1	always on point and great service .
1	great mix of cheeses , meats , and marinated veggies .
1	nice touch .
1	the shrimp and feta calzone is delicious .
1	simply one of the best pizzas put together !
1	the buffalo wings were excellent .
1	and maybe next time , we will try something new .
1	their sauce is the best .
1	the staff remembers you and is very friendly .
1	the pizza is good but i feel it 's overpriced .
1	we had a regular crust pepperoni & mushroom and it was really good .
1	they are a little pricey but well worth every dollar .
1	two thumbs up !
1	staff is super friendly and they make you feel at home while dining .
1	metro pizza is hands down one of the best pizza spots in vegas !
1	the both of the pizzas were very good .
1	the kids loved it .
1	very delicious !
1	the pizza was pretty good , best pizza i had in vegas .
1	the calzone sauce was very flavorful !
1	wonderful staff !
1	the cheese and the meat dipping sauce was really good .
1	but the ppl on the phone were just as nice as always .
1	it was pretty quick and hot .
1	its open late n i love eating late !
1	i recommend this place .
1	as a new yorker , i like my nice big slice .
1	of all the great places we can walk to , metro is truly wonderful .
1	very tasty pizza , and the server was always checking water and our needs .
1	highly recommend !
1	my favorite pizza spot in las vegas .
1	very good experience and will definitely go again whenever we stay at rio .
1	pizza was soooooo good !
1	the bread it oh so delicious , buttery , and soft .
1	lots of regular customers here , definitely a good sign .
1	the food was so tasty .
1	loved it i 'll defiantly be back .
1	it 's inexpensive and very entertaining !
1	came back the next day to the black box to see closer .
1	what great talent we have in our town !
1	great shows great people great location !
1	if you enjoy theatre you have to see a show here .
1	the actors are wonderful !
1	i have gone here many times and they always put on a great show .
1	they are very knowledgable and helpful .
1	very professional , very reliable and very affordable .
1	once more thanks .
1	field work is on time & the job is always done well .
1	however , we had a good experience .
1	we 're happy customers !
1	he is funny and very knowledgable about vision .
1	he and his friendly staff were pleasant , professional and efficient .
1	talk about a huge selection .
1	any questions you have they are more than happy to help .
1	around very corner i saw something else i really liked .
1	his staff is very friendly too .
1	i would highly recommend this office to anyone who has issues like i did .
1	best dentist in las vegas by far !
1	the front lady was very nice .
1	love your dentist .
1	book an appointment with smile designers lv .
1	i will keep it sweet and simple .
1	i would recommend them to anyone in pain !
1	clean office , very organized .
1	my appointments are always on time and the staff is always thoughtful and personable .
1	great food , nice atmosphere .
1	this is by far the best italian restaurant in las vegas !
1	i still dream about the mushroom ravioli here .
1	very attentive and nice servers .
1	it 's that kind of place .
1	the food is still amazing .
1	we had an amazing meal and the soup is amazing .
1	what a delightful restaurant .
1	the menu is somewhat limited but the food was very good .
1	i enjoyed my entree very much .
1	mmmm i knew right away there were truffles in them !
1	well , all i can say is ferraro 's was dynamite !
1	then we moved outside for dinner , and they continued to exceed our expectations !
1	exceptional food and equally exceptional service .
1	their ravioli 's were simply amazing .
1	seriously the best italian food in america .
1	i asked for the best waiter in the house and got him !
1	the ladies in your party will appreciate it !
1	great food .
1	great wine .
1	super soft and just the perfect amount of salt and pepper also .
1	it was a great dining experience .
1	i really enjoyed them .
1	the chopped salad was the best i 've ever had .
1	the new location is great .
1	ferraro 's is one of those restaurants that one certainly comes back to .
1	by far the best italian food i have eaten in my life .
1	we celebrated our anniversary here and they gave us tiramisu for free !
1	my husband had steak and he said it was great !
1	fabulous service and wonderful bar drinks .
1	the best food i 've had in las vegas .
1	service is great for a late night place !
1	everytime we go to vegas , this is a must do .
1	they make the sausage in house and it is the best ever !
1	everything here is perfect .
1	a new favorite !
1	delicious food , great service , cozy ambience .
1	great italian food , all their pastas are homemade .
1	nice extensive wine selection , and some nights they have live music .
1	perfect location right across the street from hard rock .
1	the osso buco was a favorite but everything was delicious .
1	enjoy .
1	the wait staff was excellent and attentive .
1	this place is amazing !
1	they are open late and was perfect for after a show .
1	the owner and chef are always visible and super friendly .
1	service superb and food even better .
1	highly recommend .
1	their cappuccino is also very good .
1	i would definitely recommend this place for a date or date night .
1	one of the best places in vegas , and off the strip .
1	the ambience inside was warm and nicely decorated .
1	stay away from the strip and go here !
1	amazing .
1	perfectly fried .
1	homemade pasta !
1	well worth a visit .
1	nice that it is off the strip too .
1	great place .
1	i will be honest here .
1	would recommend making a reservation .
1	this was a great yelp find in las vegas !
1	great wine by the glass and the service by two ladies was perfect .
1	amazing italian food and first class service .
1	ferraro 's offers great food , wine , service , and ambiance !
1	all three were just splendid !
1	we just decided to be seated and the experience was great from then on .
1	this is a fabulous restaurant !
1	both were great , the sauce was light and the pasta was home made .
1	the food was excellent , as was the service .
1	eric still a rock star .
1	the best italian in town .
1	everything is always wonderful here .
1	our server was pleasant and attentive and the food was delicious .
1	i would definitely recommend this restaurant .
1	highly recommended .
1	great authentic italian food but not the greatest service .
1	food is amazing , eric great server .
1	the staff are very professional , knowledgeable , and friendly .
1	always love it here , from the osso buco to the steaks and wine .
1	stellar , delish !
1	_num_ star , service , food and price .
1	dinner was tasty and hot .
1	this place has superb food , superb service , and great prices !
1	incredible food , superb service , great wine list .
1	we came in for valentines day and truly had a wonderful experience .
1	great dinner to start the weekend .
1	service was great !
1	the food is amazing for such a reasonable price !
1	you 'll be well taken care of .
1	the most authentic italian restaurant in las vegas !
1	amazing experience from the moment you step inside the restaurant .
1	they always have many specials , including locals .
1	fresh , hot and timely was the food .
1	our server elizabeth was amazing and attentive .
1	our server elizabeth was very knowledgeable and friendly .
1	the buffalo mozzarella caprese and caesar salad very fresh and tasty .
1	went for my parents anniversary dinner and the food & service was top notch .
1	i had the filet mignon and it was perfect .
1	definitely would eat there again .
1	but but our food was wonderful & our waiter & busboy were very attentive .
1	save a little extra money to have a really great meal here .
1	the calamari was cooked perfectly .
1	the service staff was phenomenal .
1	we stopped in for lunch and the food was very good !
1	best italian food in town !
1	wow .
1	top notch restaurant !
1	the food here is excellent .
1	mario and nina are the best bartenders in vegas !
1	appetizers were great .
1	awesome dinning experience .
1	happy hour menu allowed us to try several dishes and the food was wonderful .
1	this is old town las vegas at its best .
1	once you visit you 'll come again and again !
1	would recommend this place to anyone .
1	a beautiful experience every time i have dined here .
1	i ordered it medium rare and it came medium rare .
1	previous reviews are all accurate the food and atmosphere are fantastic .
1	i highly recommend this restaurant for a special occasion .
1	our favorite date night restaurant !
1	very nice italian restaurant located just off strip right next to unlv .
1	kind of a custom dish but it was very delicious .
1	great staff .
1	delicious food , even more delicious wine .
1	best dining experience i 've had in las vegas .
1	a family owned restaurant with amazing wine selection and service .
1	my family and i strongly recommend it .
1	i love the atmosphere and the staff is always very attentive and professional .
1	ambience is amazing too !
1	love to take visitors here for a truly delis experience !
1	absolutely loved this place !
1	a bit pricy but well worth it .
1	definitely check this place out !
1	had a fantastic dinner and a the waiter recommend a great bottle of wine .
1	one word delicious !
1	the staff was most attentive , knowledgeable , and friendly .
1	my favorite italian restaurant !
1	we stopped on our way to airport and had a wonderful experience .
1	you must visit !
1	best kept secret in town forget about all the high priced celebrity chef restaurants .
1	fantastic food , great environment , great service !
1	grass fed ribeye was phenomenal .
1	excellent food , excellent service .
1	the mushroom risotto was amazing and the olive oil and bread was outstanding .
1	service and food has aways been good .
1	this place is amazing !
1	man oh man was i impressed !
1	the service was awesome , the atmosphere was so relaxing and stunning .
1	then finally we received the food , one word wow !
1	it was truly amazing !
1	authentic , home made italian food and the had great gluten free pasta too !
1	very , very good food !
1	excellent service !
1	thanks tony !
1	food is amazing !
1	one of the best italian restaurant in town .
1	thank you so much !
1	little breads were nice too , served warm .
1	guaranteed to enjoy your meal and dining experience .
1	a first class restuarant !
1	excellent food and great drinks .
1	great service .
1	so impressed !
1	the food was excellent .
1	the restaurant is very cozy and tony , our waiter , was extremely attentive .
1	excellent service and excellent food .
1	pasta was great , veal was great , meatballs was great !
1	his entire family showed up and the service was spectacular !
1	eric , our waiter , did an excellent job explaining everything on the menu .
1	excellent dinner .
1	staff did a great job and was very attentive .
1	i would recommend to anyone visiting las vegas .
1	the service and food were excellent .
1	he was most pleasant and we felt special after talking to him .
1	service outstanding along either the food .
1	came out hot and fresh parmesan cheese offered on top .
1	really enjoyable food and service .
1	will definitely continue eating here and loving it .
1	freshly made by the owner 's wife .
1	wonderful italian restaurant with a homey feel to it .
1	the gnocchi and the ravioli was exceptional !
1	came here with my wife for our anniversary .
1	so happy we did !
1	one of the best italian restaurant we have ever eaten at .
1	great happy hour .
1	lots of appetizers which are very good .
1	the veal shank was juicy and perfectly seasoned .
1	the restaurant is very cozy and beautifully designed and it has a nice patio .
1	best service we 've had in a long time .
1	highly high recommend !
1	this place is both classy and the food is really of a high quality .
1	nice for a mellow atmosphere and great service .
1	wow !
1	we loved it from the moment we walked in .
1	still 1st class all the way .
1	make that mmmmm great !
1	the atmosphere is pleasant , very busy , and staff are attentive .
1	i highly recommend this restaurant and would encourage anyone to try it .
1	we both had an appetizer combo , drinks , and dessert .
1	they had a tasting appetizer selection , one had a delicious meatball and ravioli .
1	thoroughly delightful !
1	the shrimp , lobster and wine were perfect for our night out .
1	this place is grand slam .
1	hands down , one of the most romantic spots on the island !
1	good food , excellent service .
1	my customers loved it !
1	will definitely return .
1	plus , the service was awesome !
1	whether it 's pasta , fish , or steak , it will taste delicious !
1	came through here for my birthday and enjoyed a great dinner on the patio .
1	it is the best food and the prices are great !
1	i 've been here twice now .
1	everything from the bread to the service was top notch .
1	excellent service !
1	the waiters are very attentive , the food is excellent .
1	the food was delicious and i will definitely be back again !
1	it 's great they serve food late and with decent prices too !
1	excellent food !
1	the sea bass is amazing and my boyfriend loved the gnocchi .
1	min is the artist and she does outstanding work .
1	i was pleased .
1	i loved min and her assistants !
1	it is so much better than i expected .
1	her assistant is very sweet and pleasant .
1	the front desk staff was very nice and kind .
1	min did an excellent job .
1	thank you min !
1	love love loved it .
1	this is an amazing studio !
1	the staff is helpful and service is prompt .
1	the couple that runs this place are very nice .
1	service was friendly and helpful .
1	he is good people !
1	very fair , reasonable and good work .
1	great for after dinner better better for breakfast .
1	this place is great .
1	attentive service and overall good experience .
1	great !
1	definitely worth a visit !
1	casual , delicious , reasonable food , and wonderful authentic ambiance .
1	the atmosphere is perfect .
1	service was pretty good and the food was excellent .
1	great wines , a good menu and very good food .
1	this place is the best italian in las vegas !
1	my boyfriend and i love this place !
1	a favorite of mine since the first time a friend took me !
1	great food , wine and reasonable .
1	the ambiance is pure magical .
1	this is an excellent restaurant .
1	i loved my baked ziti and the garlic bread .
1	it is always packed .
1	amazing italian food !
1	my brother introduced me to this place ... very good food .
1	the service was very good ... they were very attentive .
1	the pizza is also amazing ( ny style and not greasy ) .
1	food is great here and very reasonably priced .
1	their dishes are a good size and flavorful .
1	the desserts are good , too .
1	i got the baked ziti , which was great .
1	i love eating at the bar , when there 's room of course .
1	the bartenders are cool .
1	pasta nora is my favorite dish .
1	pros : the food tasted good , prepared well .
1	service was good .
1	the caesar salad had a nice thick dressing and the croutons were great .
1	i had the crazy alfredo and have wanted it for every meal since !
1	it also travels as a to go item pretty well .
1	very flavorful .
1	older crowd that is mellow and happy .
1	i 'm sure their other entrees are delectable if you do n't like seafood .
1	we always visit nora 's when we come to las vegas .
1	freshly filled to order .
1	great food , good prices and it 's away from the strip .
1	the staff was very attentive , and friendly .
1	my favorite italian place in town .
1	great food and wine .
1	a lot of people know about this wonderful restaurant .
1	best pesto in town , hands down .
1	wait , best ever !
1	garlic bread is the best .
1	when in vegas we make it a point to dine at nora 's .
1	it was probably the best i have had in years .
1	the food is absolutely amazing .
1	i loved the chicken marsala too .
1	great local spot away from the awful strip .
1	the garlic bread is delicious and the entree portions are huge .
1	excellent service as well .
1	its delicious .
1	great food .
1	love the garlic bread , ordered the mozzarella caprese , delish and fresh .
1	i highly recommend nora 's for a casual lunch or dinner out .
1	nora 's has some of the best italian food in all of vegas .
1	great flavors .
1	really good .
1	the cheese tortellini is perfection .
1	traditional italian courses galore and the service is good .
1	nora 's is absolutely delicious !
1	soooooooo delish !
1	we had an extraordinary halibut dish .
1	such an enjoyable meal .
1	i can truly say i have never had such wonderful italian food .
1	thank you to the wonderful family who owns nora 's .
1	spaghetti lunch special .
1	everything is good on the menu .
1	great wine bar .
1	first , the service .
1	fortunately for nora 's the food is great .
1	nora 's cuisine made a great first impression on me .
1	good wine selection and full bar was another plus .
1	i definitely want to go back .
1	one of the best italian restaurants anywhere .
1	i always look forward to eating here when in town !
1	great service and very clean .
1	love nora 's !
1	great italian !
1	and bring friends because you will love it !
1	they 're appetizers are really fresh and all items are great .
1	this place is a little gem in a strip mall !
1	the food is awesome !
1	this is one of my top five favorite restaurants in the city !
1	the service is always excellent and so is the food .
1	great food and fairly priced .
1	everything was fantastic !
1	quiet , comfortable , good service !
1	service was great and the prices were affordable .
1	on top of everything even when the restaurant was packed !
1	the pesto was rich .
1	wow !
1	good sized portions , very flavorful , great atmosphere .
1	i 'll definitely be back to indulge on a cheat day !
1	very good food , energetic atmosphere , nice alcohol selection .
1	i will be coming back soon !
1	_num_ stars , great place !
1	bring a sweater because they keep it pretty cold in there !
1	love this place .
1	i had the veal marsala and the veal was cooked perfectly .
1	i wanted extra pasta to soak up the delicious sauce .
1	the garlic bread and ceasar salad are delicious as well .
1	best italian in vegas .
1	good authentic italian at a reasonable price .
1	this is really good italian food for lunch or dinner .
1	really delicious home-made tasting italian food .
1	the garlic bread is amazing .
1	the food is amazing .
1	service was good , food was great .
1	not great .
1	great food reasonably priced .
1	very busy and happy for them !
1	best hidden lil gem .
1	boyfriend brought me here for my birthday .
1	found this restaurant on a recent trip to vegas .
1	however , the food here is spot on and delicious !
1	you 'll love it !
1	absolutely one of the best meals i 've had in a very long time .
1	service was great .
1	i 'm out ... back to enjoy that pasta .
1	it takes things back to the simplicity of good home made italian food .
1	i 'm still drooling thinking of the food .
1	the complimentary garlic bread served in the beginning put us to a great start .
1	the menu is extensive and the prices are incredibly reasonable .
1	great food !
1	this was a great place to stop in while i was in vegas .
1	i love the ambiance : it 's very casual and friendly .
1	good ambience .
1	garlic bread is good .
1	what a little gem tucked away in a strip mall .
1	the caesar salad is terrific .
1	i recommend penne a la vodka , baked rigatoni and their cannoli for desert !
1	the food , service , and overall experience was quite exceptional .
1	salad , soup , eggplant , wines , bread , and on and on .
1	awesome atmosphere and food .
1	the atmosphere is very authentic .
1	everything we had was good !
1	all destroyed !
1	portions are big so share !
1	the food here was phenomenal !
1	the tiramisu was perfect .
1	the location was off the strip , which i liked as well .
1	the food , drinks , and staff are the best .
1	they have a great drink menu with many wine and craft cocktail choices .
1	they absolutely loved it .
1	the food is wonderful .
1	the chicken alfredo is by far the greatest in town !
1	amazing !
1	loved calamari , caprese salad , and basil penne pasta .
1	great evening at nora 's .
1	service was amazing !
1	mozzarella was fresh and great flavor .
1	it can definitely get crowded and that 's a good thing !
1	delicious !
1	wonderful food , service and atmosphere !
1	if you love italian food this is a must do .
1	great for a romantic dinner or an evening out with friends .
1	we will visit again and again !
1	best authentic italian in vegas !
1	this is by far my favorite italian restaurant in town .
1	the service is always exceptional and their prices are very reasonable .
1	checked here on yelp and found many good reviews for nora 's .
1	both of us agreed on how good it was .
1	at the bar while they got a table ready for us .
1	brought my son and bro for first time .
1	traditional italian dine extremely well .
1	a hidden gem in las vegas .
1	food , service excellent .
1	delicious .
1	all expertly prepared .
1	customer service is excellent .
1	i 've been here a handful of times and thoroughly enjoy myself every time .
1	the pizza was excellent and there are a variety of choices .
1	will definitely return .
1	food was amazing , starting with the garlic bread .
1	food is delicious and fresh !
1	cozy environment , hidden treasure .
1	the prices are extremely reasonable and the food is excellent .
1	food is fantastic but service varies .
1	this place is very small reservation recommended .
1	they really could expand and still stay full .
1	food is so delicious it over rides any negatives .
1	fun .
1	great classic italian cuisine !
1	the ambiance is great , with live music on the weekend .
1	excellent food and the wine is superb !
1	great food and pizza .
1	delicious italian food !
1	the bread sticks they give you are the best in vegas .
1	wow !
1	definitely among the best service i 've had .
1	the garlic knots are my favorite .
1	the price was very reasonable .
1	the taste of the food was excellent !
1	food was excellent !
1	the waitress was very attentive .
1	the sausage was really great !
1	full bar available w/ many unique cocktails .
1	we shared both entrees and started w/ some calamari = delicious !
1	place was packed , and everything was wonderful !
1	soft and flavorful .
1	this is by far one of my favorite restaurants in town .
1	best bruschetta .
1	it was all delicious !
1	the pasta servings are very generous and incredibly tasty .
1	the food was delicious !
1	we loved the food .
1	loved this place .
1	delicious !
1	everything was so good .
1	the staff was good and the overall ambiance was good .
1	my favorite italian restaurant in las vegas , everything is great .
1	the warm chocolate cake is also a must have !
1	the atmosphere was decent .
1	great food for a great price at a fine family establishment .
1	highly recommended .
1	love this place and try to come whenever i am in town .
1	the service is excellent and very attentive .
1	had the veal marsala and the veal was cooked perfectly .
1	the scampi was great .
1	thank you nora 's italian cuisine !
1	that definitely hit the spot !
1	this is one of my favorite italian restaurants in las vegas .
1	the service was excellent and everybody was very attentive .
1	the service was wonderful and the food was great .
1	everything was delicious .
1	snow white pizza with alfredo sauce so good .
1	a really nice break from the strip .
1	the food is always so delicious and worth the wait !
1	one of our all time favorites to eat at for italian food .
1	they won me over .
1	the delicious food was only matched by the incredible service .
1	the chicken marsala is great as well as the garlic bread .
1	my wife and i love this place .
1	the smells were fantastic , reminded me of places in ny and boston .
1	it 's a hidden gem .
1	plus , a good coloring session is always a good time .
1	we really loved it .
1	happy i did .
1	: ) : ) it was really sweet .
1	best italian ever !
1	good place to take your date out on a budget .
1	but it 's locals favorites .
1	they use good tomatoes which i appreciate .
1	i liked the pizza i ordered .
1	it was $ _num_ in a cab and the uber ride was $ _num_ .
1	the garlic bread was also delicious .
1	the food is excellent as is the service .
1	and the espresso is wonderful , too .
1	someone please help them !
1	great italian food and not pricey at all .
1	we ate at nora 's last night .
1	the toppings were perfect with just the right amount of red sauce .
1	very big fan !
1	thanks !
1	the food is very good and a nice atmosphere .
1	i realized nora 's has always been consistent with their food .
1	i keep taking my friends there .
1	they are the real deal and the food is true authentic italian .
1	amazing !
1	real , authentic , italian dishes !
1	the food is consistently outstanding and the quaint atmosphere is comfortable and appealing .
1	the drinks are great .
1	everything was great enjoyed it all !
1	excellent veal dish tonight for dinner !
1	service was top notch !
1	and such friendly classy service .
1	excellent food as always .
1	pricey but worth it .
1	everything else even the diet coke was very good .
1	wonderful food .
1	once he came over everything was impeccable .
1	wow , i was impressed by the service !
1	first time visit and will definitely go back .
1	they all have personality which is something that just goes with genuine service .
1	delicious !
1	we got a pizza appetizer one time and even that was a great pie .
1	we will return next time we are in town .
1	the food was amazing as always !
1	my favorite italian restaurant ever !
1	wow just amazing , great service truly a great family restaurant .
1	the food is ridiculously good .
1	my favorite .
1	great authentic italian cuisine !
1	best i 've ever had !
1	might very well be the best moscow mule i 've ever had !
1	freshly made pasta .
1	the staff is kind and attentive and they really make you feel welcome .
1	most authentic italian cooking i 've had in years , the portions are huge .
1	food was wonderful : we had a party of _num_ and all were satisfied .
1	started out with a antipasto salad -- amazing .
1	wonderful service , yummy food , great atmosphere .
1	it came out just as i ordered , and was absolutely amazing !
1	love the atmosphere and the food are awesome !
1	it was so amazing .
1	thanks to everyone there !
1	the portions were pretty big and the quality is excellent !
1	its a quiet oasis off the strip for good ole italian food .
1	fantastic good size portions , even as a lunch entree .
1	a treat for sure .
1	has the crazy alfredo it 's amazing !
1	this is a great neighborhood gem .
1	the crazy alfredo is my favorite .
1	i finished half of it because that rigatoni really fills you up !
1	this place is very good !
1	good beer selection .
1	great customer service !
1	but his friendly comfortable personality is what really makes his business .
1	he 's the best of the best !
1	this unassuming storefront is a `` gem '' in las vegas .
1	thanks george !
1	john and his staff are the most honest mechanics around .
1	after the event we even got a cd with all our special songs .
1	i played with my mom and dad ... .
1	defintely , definitely , definitely shell out for the recently remodeled rooms .
1	the room was so nice !
1	small , yes , but perfect for a couple .
1	it was newly renovated and clean .
1	the outside is old vegas , the pool is small but clean and comfortable .
1	wild times to be had here , clearly !
1	the staff is friendly .
1	good music , games , in door out for seating i am in love !
1	new fav place !
1	the restaurants and shops had a nice variety .
1	the pool was beautiful .
1	hotel rooms are really nice with a contemporary look .
1	overall it 's a basic casino and great if you can get it comped .
1	the service is always acceptable .
1	gold coast brings back a lot of memories since being _num_ .
1	i love playing here !
1	great distance from the hotel our convention was at , and near the strip .
1	that aside , our room was surprisingly large , clean , and comfortable .
1	huge bowling alley with $ _num_ games .
1	bingo is great with excellent customer service all around .
1	it was so fun and stressful !
1	love gold coast !
1	stayed here .
1	good rooms .
1	nice television .
1	i 've been a few times now and so far so good .
1	i enjoyed my stay here over bellagio .
1	i see the respect and how loyal customer service is to their guest .
1	food wise , you have lots of simple options .
1	we got a premium room , and it 's pretty decent .
1	it was very quiet and i slept very well .
1	all in al , gold coast was a very pleasant surprise .
1	i like the hotel decor , the rooms are very contemporary looking and clean .
1	jade who helped us with our keys next day was sweet and polite .
1	i 've stayed at most hotels at the strip and they look the same .
1	joe and dee are the best !
1	i like it here !
1	it was clean and modern .
1	the indoor shooting range was clean and brightly lit .
1	definitely a great place for beginners !
1	the staff was friendly and the place was well kept .
1	fun thing to do when visiting lv .
1	i 'm hooked and will definitely be coming back .
1	everyone is so knowledgeable and friendly , also very helpful .
1	it was an incredibly fun experience !
1	i love this place !
1	came here for a private lesson for two with my boyfriend .
1	just had a one hour private lesson for two and it went great !
1	the customer service was excellent .
1	customer service is excellent .
1	great place to go with an amazing staff .
1	i would definitely recommend it to anyone .
1	this is the perfect place to go .
1	they were great teachers and always gave great feedback on your form .
1	the people are all extremely nice and help in every way possible .
1	well worth the money and had an awesome time !
1	it was a fun family outing that i think we 'll do again soon .
1	the instructor is super kind and chill .
1	the owner was so nice and fixed my bow for me !
1	i 'm happy i found a place that i feel comfortable at !
1	our instructor was very patient and informative .
1	all around fun place , with nice staff and good teachers .
1	will highly recommend and will be back for more range time !
1	they also got shuffleboard .
1	the deals for happy hour are amazing !
1	the bartenders are all really friendly and attentive !
1	lisa and angel are the best !
1	lisa and angel are the best bartenders .
1	the atmosphere is pretty good for being an older pt 's .
1	the food is very good especially there hamburgers and chicken wings .
1	great place , awesome breakfast .
1	great environment , good service for the most part .
1	sometimes it 's just us and others with friends .
1	he charged me $ _num_ vs $ _num_ at local parts store .
1	i left his shop a happy customer .
1	it all the way to the back on the right hand side .
1	they are very welcoming , attentive , and always are smiling !
1	excellent if you got a craving some something different .
1	definitely , try this spot when in vegas !
1	the staff was very friendly as well .
1	the whole staff from reception to the doctors are most excellent .
1	the office was very clean .
1	hands down , he 's the best !
1	the staff is also very nice and explain any questions you have .
1	i highly recommend dental plus to my friends and family .
1	always good service with a smile .
1	also the grocery area is huge and has most everything you can want .
1	wow !
1	this walmart is definitely _num_ star worthy !
1	he made it right and he did a great job .
1	when i first walked in i loved the atmosphere and the food was delicious .
1	the portions are large , the price is right and the food is great .
1	- the biscuits , so so good !
1	if you like hashbrowns , this place knows hashbrowns .
1	this place offers an awesome breakfast , not too far from the strip .
1	what we discovered was the same great food , with better service .
1	the service is good , they treat you like family .
1	the food came out fast and fresh .
1	very , very large portions and very satisfying .
1	it 's in kind of a ghetto shopping center .
1	i love their biscuits and gravy .
1	everything is made fresh and from scratch !
1	best place to get a big , hearty breakfast .
1	great chicken fried steak ... .
1	love that the owner always is walking around checking on you .
1	this restaurant is one of our favs .
1	the food is consistent breakfast .
1	great place for good old home cooking !
1	definitely worth checking out !
1	love black bear !
1	i love a good omelet with hash browns and toast .
1	so far , the best i 've had in this city .
1	nothing better than a trip to black bear when nursing a hangover .
1	i recommend any of the omelettes .
1	and they 've got a pretty good reuben going on .
1	i love the spicy homemade sausage patty with my crisp hash browns .
1	the coffee is nice and strong & the servers are wicked fast .
1	very good , great prices and huge portions .
1	portions were large and everything tasted good .
1	i would recommend this restaurant for families for the decent quality and value .
1	the service was impeccable and the prices are n't bad .
1	outstanding little diner !
1	the food was delicious -- fresh and homemade .
1	the food is always fresh , delicious and hot .
1	it 's their most popular breakfast dish and the gravy is oh so good .
1	their hollandaise is sublime .
1	this is my favorite diner on earth .
1	everything is fresh .
1	great biscuits and fresh oj .
1	this place has amazing breakfast food and great service .
1	the five of us were all happy with our meals .
1	the waitresses were very friendly and accommodating .
1	really good food .
1	i was very impressed with black bear diner .
1	the decor was fun with bears playing poker .
1	one of the best breakfast places i 've ever been to .
1	this place another one my brother recommended that he had eaten for years .
1	the people are also super nice .
1	the food is great and the decor is good .
1	i was surprise the service how quick they are .
1	great service and great food for any time of the day .
1	my favorites are their hot beef sandwich and the steak and egg breakfast .
1	great staff .
1	food is delicious and the waitress was super nice and all smiles .
1	the bacon they used on it was really flavorful and cooked to perfection .
1	i love this place its so good and big portions !
1	great place to go for breakfast or lunch .
1	fantastic food !
1	great prices .
1	this is my favorite breakfast place in vegas .
1	love their omelettes and hash browns .
1	best chocolate cream pie i 've ever had !
1	our waitress was so nice and friendly i think her name was angela .
1	we had a party of six and everyone left happy and content .
1	always good , it never seems to disappoint .
1	the sweet cream pancakes are amazing .
1	our experience was very good .
1	this place is the real thing , using local food of high quality .
1	the food has a genuine home cooked flavor .
1	i love to eat here .
1	loved the food .
1	they 're that good .
1	solid service even when it 's busy which it usually is .
1	food and service was great .
1	french toast is best in town .
1	its a cute country atmosphere.
1	even in my hometown we have one an it is just as good .
1	the staff is great an always have a smile on their face .
1	hometown cooking at its best .
1	great all you can eat fish special on friday nights .
1	hashbrowns are my favorite .
1	very professional .
1	always great service .
1	both were good .
1	just good old fashion dinner food .
1	everyone knows everyone in this place .
1	the is consistently good and so is the coffee .
1	the service can be inconsistent at times , but is generally really good too .
1	best i 've ever had .
1	my food was very good .
1	excellent food , great service and low ( for las vegas ) prices .
1	the food is okay ... the gravy is good .
1	great food , friendly service .
1	great place for a family breakfast on sundays or holidays .
1	the crew always remembers us and are super friendly with the kids .
1	my gym buds pile on the egg whites and fresh oatmeal !
1	treat yourself and order it !
1	the food comes in huge portions and a great variety on the menu .
1	sweet tea was also very tasty .
1	we had great service from the host to our server mindy .
1	i highly recommend this restaraunt .
1	fast service and great food !
1	a great place to go for breakfast .
1	good portions , good variety .
1	this place has got potential .
1	my second visit here and the food and service was great .
1	the food was good , but the service made it .
1	always greeted with a friendly smile !
1	hefty hefty portions at the most reasonable prices !
1	it 's in the middle of nowhere but totally worth it .
1	my order came out quickly and was delicious .
1	definitely a place to go for some home cooked comfort food .
1	so overall , check out the black bear diner well worth it !
1	amazing biscuits .
1	good ol ' american style comfort food !
1	i 'd also recommend the apple cobbler and ice cream for dessert .
1	pretty darn tasty !
1	great brunch or breakfast place .
1	my family and i love coming here on the weekend for a good breakfast .
1	food was great , service was quick and friendly and the price is reasonable .
1	so i decided perfect time to try it .
1	i was super jealous of my coworker who ordered it !
1	i stopped in for a quick bite and was pleasantly surprised .
1	the food is exceptional .
1	great food chicken fried steak cooks !
1	love this place .
1	i 've ordered the fish & chips and also the bbq pulled pork sandwich .
1	both delicious and with generous helpings .
1	outstanding food !
1	just moved into the neighborhood and they have the greatest pancakes in vegas !
1	just stopped there after spending the night in vegas .
1	great food , large portions .
1	food was good and service was top notch .
1	just amazing meal .
1	place is so packed , but service was spot on .
1	home cooking at it 's best !
1	very satisfying .
1	it was amazing .
1	i came here and it was good .
1	food is good .
1	customer service was great .
1	i would definitely return and recommend this place .
1	big portions for a great price .
1	i always have a good experience here ; the waiters are nice .
1	i will definitely be going back .
1	the prices were great for all of the food we got .
1	food was outstanding and the service was very fast !
1	asked multiple times for water refills ( essential ! )
1	fresh food , great service !
1	everything was delicious especially the pancakes !
1	this place was recommended by a friend .
1	such a wonderful find .
1	and reasonably priced for quality food with polite and friendly service .
1	great coffee .
1	it was delicious !
1	this place is awsome !
1	great diner for breakfast , lunch or dinner .
1	will definitely be back and i definitely recommend checking it out .
1	the portions are huge , so bring your appetite !
1	the service was fast and the food was delicious .
1	hearty meal in a relaxed friendly family environment at very reasonable prices .
1	great food , pancakes are to die for !
1	i absolutely love this joint .
1	the service was excellent from a lady by the name marlene .
1	the food was authentic and awesome .
1	one of the best breakfast places in town i must say !
1	quality is amazing .
1	the entire team reminds me of texas southern hospitality .
1	the hash was very good if you enjoy crispy hash .
1	overall , great friendly service , decent price , and good food .
1	waiting time is reasonable , service is good & friendly .
1	good stuff !
1	sandwiches are extra large .
1	they do breakfast and pies best .
1	plentiful and good .
1	definitely their strong point .
1	our server was wonderful !
1	great service and yummy food !
1	will return for sure !
1	service was good .
1	really did n't need any syrup they were so sweet .
1	good food !
1	country fried steak breakfast was wonderful .
1	good crisp breading .
1	tender meat .
1	very tasty gravy .
1	i liked this place .
1	service and food are impeccable .
1	good job .
1	love this little diner !
1	i can appreciate amazing customer service anywhere as its rarely seen nowadays .
1	diner food all fresh all perfect !
1	it was excellent and the home made biscuit was soft and fluffy .
1	amazing !
1	it included ham as well .
1	it 's really good .
1	the pancakes were amazing .
1	black bear is pretty good and the best thing about it , the pricing .
1	but well she is ) orders something off of the lunch menu .
1	my plate was really big and all for a great price .
1	it was worth it !
1	we 've been coming here for years and the food is always consistant .
1	the service was friendly and the food was great .
1	i was pleasantly surprised .
1	the best server here !
1	the waffles and pancakes are amazing .
1	the best place to eat !
1	great food , great service , all for a great price .
1	this place has become a fairly regular spot for my little family .
1	we had pancakes , french toast , scrambled eggs , sausage and ham .
1	all were great .
1	ham was the best !
1	i had the volcano which i absolutely loved the cream cakes - very large .
1	the food was as expected , great .
1	great breakfast options with generous portions very reasonably priced !
1	fast friendly service .
1	worth it !
1	the service was excellent , as well !
1	love this place !
1	wonderful fast friendly efficient service ... great job .
1	always love the black bear diner .
1	ordered the hash and it was delicious .
1	the food was good and the service was excellent !
1	don the manager is very good at what he does ... .
1	excellent .
1	if you are not a big eater than share a meal .
1	server was really nice .
1	breakfast here is always super good !
1	i felt very comfortable and welcomed sitting at her table .
1	we eat here as often as we can .
1	good selection .
1	there is always good vibes and the music is a good sound .
1	always passed by going or coming from our spiritual day ... .
1	packed every time .
1	he suggested this gem of a place .
1	the biscuits and gravy are pretty good .
1	denise , and pretty much all of the servers are amazing and so nice .
1	amazing breakfast - fresh squeezed oj !
1	have eaten here many times and i 'm patient and service is always good .
1	everything is good .
1	it 's a local favorite and always packed but for good reason .
1	fresh squeezed oj is also great .
1	we have this place back at home in washington and its just as good !
1	absolutely fabulous it pays to eat off the strip at local favorites .
1	great sunday morning treat .
1	delicious home cooked meals right here with a generous amount of food !
1	great service and great food .
1	i had the steak and eggs and shit was amazing .
1	especially the manager , don !
1	love this place .
1	this place has always been our go to breakfast spot .
1	the coffee was hot and fresh and in a giant mug .
1	it 's a great little spot .
1	delicious , comfort food .
1	perfect brunch spot after a long night on the strip .
1	a $ _num_ uber away from the major attractions is well worth it .
1	will definitely come back !
1	the food is amazing and will definitely be coming back next time in town .
1	this is one of our favorite places to eat .
1	everything was freshly made to order and delicious .
1	the hash browns were the best .
1	food and service are equally excellent .
1	the service is good for a cafe and the coffee is tasty .
1	the staff was friendly particularly the manager don .
1	marlene works evenings & always makes us feel welcomed .
1	first of all , great customer service !
1	it was nice that she was always checking on us if we needed anything .
1	our server was extremely cheerful and you could see she genuinely enjoyed her job .
1	awesome pancakes .
1	the decor - freakin adorable .
1	the food is very good and the portions are generous .
1	marlene is a great waitress !
1	i will be back to this gem of a place !
1	highly recommended .
1	service was good .
1	love love love this place !
1	that 's the winning combination that keeps me coming back .
1	well done black bear - my compliments and keep up the good work !
1	black bear diner great service , and food .
1	great selections on menu .
1	give it a try ... .
1	the service was good and the waitress was very nice .
1	highly recommend !
1	i must say fast , friendly and caring .
1	thank you so much .
1	this dive bar rocks !
1	is dark in there i love it !
1	they have several great draft beers and even more bottles .
1	i love you and all the work you do .
1	one of the best beer selections in the city .
1	why is this the best bar in vegas ?
1	perfect bar to go to for a great beer and a welcoming atmosphere .
1	plus they always have a rare selection of beer .
1	great friendly atmosphere .
1	the menu is delightfully curated by true beer snobs who know their stuff .
1	if you 're a local and you like beer this is your spot .
1	my favorite dive bar in vegas .
1	was here for open mic to watch a friend perform .
1	all types of unique an tasty beers .
1	a great place to hang out on a friday night .
1	atmosphere !
1	the bartenders are amazing and know their regulars by name .
1	oops !
1	i love this spot .
1	an the owner is such a great guy usually always there an always smiling .
1	i absolutely heart this place !
1	love this place , awesome owners , cool regulars , excellent service .
1	went there and caught some local comedy , open mic .
1	great selection of craft brews .
1	they have a really good and hip selection of frames !
1	the location is perfect .
1	the maintenance team is top notch .
1	this is the absolute best port of subs in las vegas .
1	the couple that runs this place is so sweet and speedy with your meal !
1	my favorite port of subs on the planet !
1	their store is always clean and stocked .
1	david c .
1	fun stuff !
1	lastly , the people who work there are great and very service oriented .
1	every time , i take my cars to international .
1	i had great service , and quick turnaround .
1	they do amazing work .
1	good company .
1	fabulous job on the repair of my vehicle and excellent paint job .
1	this shop is amazing .
1	good service .
1	highly recommend !
1	i would refer my family and friends here .
1	friendly service -- i can hear their smiles over the phone .
1	love that !
1	the friendly who took my order also said hello again !
1	the vegetarian pizza is fantastic .
1	very impressed .
1	a ton of money .
1	i went to midnight game paid about _num_ bucks and had some fun .
1	i am a canadian and absolutely love hockey games .
1	by now , most people on yelp know that i just moved to vegas .
1	this is where the fun begins though !
1	a fun event for the entire family .
1	i love sports so this fits nicely .
1	good stuff !
1	my family and i go crazy over their hockey games !
1	this is one off the most fun sporting events in las vegas !
1	team needs a new home arena in vegas for next season .
1	one of the best things to do in las vegas !
1	just look up and at the windows - there it is !
1	staff is friendly .
1	chili cheese fries are gigantic ( share with a friend ! )
1	saw a movie here the other day , thought it was great value .
1	theater was big , clean and had very good sound .
1	i was happy .
1	big extra bonus points for placing the movie theater in a convenient location .
1	in any case , they have imax here as well .
1	thats awesome !
1	not only that , the staff members are very friendly .
1	the theater is convenient and clean and nice .
1	the sound in theater _num_ was excellent .
1	clean and workers were great .
1	kept clean and good sound .
1	the theater was nice and spacious and food was pretty good .
1	the seats are comfortable .
1	this is my go-to movie theatre !
1	nice clean restrooms and theaters .
1	comfortable and great place for a night out with my lovely wife .
1	i also really liked the sound in the theater .
1	check it out !
1	i love the stars in the ceiling at the box office .
1	there 's just soooo many good reasons to come here .
1	always clean and theater is a good size .
1	staff is always on top of it and upbeat .
1	a nice & pretty clean theater !
1	seats were still comfortable and it did n't feel so crowded !
1	it has popcorn and soda and candy .
1	seats are a must in movie theaters .
1	my sweetie always gets their nachos which are great and they have good popcorn .
1	good sized theater not a bad seat in the house .
1	thanks !
1	also there are daily specials so check before hand for cool discounts .
1	very comfortable chairs , good place to catch a movie .
1	they have the best imax theater in town .
1	definitely our movie theater of choice here in las vegas !
1	had a great date night here with my boyfriend on monday .
1	if you always order concessions , this is probably a good way to go .
1	this is a perfectly fine movie theatre .
1	came on a wednesday pretty much nobody here , even better .
1	overall , a good theatre when nearby .
1	the theater is very nice , and the staff is great .
1	super good promotions on tuesdays .
1	upon arrival the staff was very helpful and professional .
1	my girlfriend and i came here and had a great stay .
1	the grounds of the hotel are very nice .
1	recommend and will stay again .
1	our _num_ bedroom suite was very clean and well appointed .
1	i would definitely stay here again !
1	clean with friendly service and reliable shuttle transportation to and from the strip .
1	made it easy to save $ by bringing food to make for ourselves .
1	she was so sweet and professional , which made the experience pleasant .
1	he us amazing !
1	everyone was truely exceptional .
1	stephanie and jared are great .
1	not the case here , , , , loved it .
1	now she 's pain free and better than ever !
1	the staff is awesome , they make you feel at home !
1	and love those recliners in the lobby !
1	there coffee area is always clean and plenty stocked .
1	it stays pretty busy with a steady stream of cars and people .
1	they do keep plenty of fresh stock in for snacks and drinks .
1	being from la , the prices at this location where quite a pleasant surprise !
1	they are much faster than the track , so you really have to drive .
1	it 's a blast - try it !
1	well then this is the place for you .
1	this place was awsome very fun .
1	we were there on a monday and it was quiet .
1	understanding that part really helps things go smooth .
1	had such a great time here !
1	so much fun !
1	will definitely go there again !
1	this makes for much better races .
1	this was so much fun !
1	great friendly staff as always .
1	to me that 's a great feeling .
1	definitely a good place to visit if you 're ever in vegas .
1	strongly recommended to come and enjoy .
1	they are open late every day which is very convenient .
1	it was a fun time .
1	a fun indoor track .
1	another tip : check groupon for an excellent deal .
1	everyone was professional .
1	lots of fun !
1	as for customer service , the lady helping us was very kind and helpful .
1	mike recommended the best socks and shoes .
1	also , i will keep referring to you like always .
1	the installer ( mike ) did the most professional job i have ever seen .
1	great people and great work .
1	i recommend curt , mike and sandy to anyone .
1	we got great service for our new office location .
1	the technician was very nice and worked with our schedule .
1	it 's a lot of fun .
1	to me , it was a great hotel and a great hotel suite .
1	the rooms are giant and the room rates are great .
1	the place was clean and very well maintained .
1	lively crowds .
1	the standard suites are very nice and spacious .
1	but the massive window with a huge view , the mini fridge !
1	but with all the seafood options , it was definitely worth it .
1	but the rooms make up for all of it .
1	great place , great people , well recommended .
1	super comfortable beds and giant rooms with plenty of amenities .
1	this place is nice .
1	nice sized , pull out couch , comfy bed .
1	i love this place !
1	very fun place and their mixed drinks are sooooo delish !
1	the buffet is pretty good , plus we got in quick with diamond status .
1	the buffet is lovely , if you like buffets .
1	the amount of room you get for the price is amazing .
1	with so many events , players , fans , press , etc .
1	the hotel cleaner was very nice upon my arrival to my room .
1	it 's very clean and quiet .
1	the food was great !
1	the price is great !
1	superb room service as we asked for extra towels almost twice a day !
1	he is hilarious and quick with the cocktails .
1	i love him so much !
1	it 's as good as advertised .
1	hotel was very clean and enjoyable !
1	huge rooms and close to the strip .
1	it is also free !
1	sooo in love .
1	beautiful rooms and accommodations .
1	they have a lot of good restaurants .
1	best bang for you buck !
1	got a great price and really like that all the rooms are suites .
1	great place for the price .
1	it is fun and entertaining .
1	they have the best buffet in all of vegas .
1	the casino itself is nice , big with a ton of gaming options .
1	price was great , as i stayed for free through a family 's discount .
1	the workers are so friendly and helpful .
1	one of the best starters to my birthday celebration ever !
1	their carnival buffet has the biggest selection of food i 've seen anywhere .
1	the rooms were suites and very big and hotel was amazing .
1	rooms were amazing .
1	great rooms .
1	i love this place !
1	came here for a friend 's 21st birthday and had a blast .
1	enjoyed the world buffet , many choices of food here .
1	the hotel has a good casino , good location , and good food .
1	i really enjoyed my time at this hotel .
1	very wide selection from around the `` world '' prepared pretty well .
1	buffet is one of the best we 've had .
1	great place to be .
1	great rooms and for the price you can not go wrong .
1	love the buffet !
1	the casino is pretty nice .
1	penn and teller were amazing , especially with front row seats !
1	not the best location but it 's affordable and nice .
1	stayed here while attending the star trek convention .
1	thank you rio for treating us well !
1	fun casino with a lot of entertainment .
1	lots of lively craps and poker tables .
1	a dimly lit burger joint with tvs .
1	i 'll see ya next time , rio !
1	housekeeping did a great job !
1	prices are a bit high but its vegas !
1	the mandalay bay buffet never disappoints .
1	i 'll be back here on my next trip !
1	rio loves locals .
1	the rooms are great and spacious .
1	good price .
1	im sold !
1	i generally enjoy my stay .
1	the rooms are spacious and comfortable .
1	and the price is usually very reasonable .
1	and the buffet ... the rio buffet is one of the best .
1	we went to the buffet there and the food was good .
1	certainly not upscale , but still very nice .
1	great rooms and service was very friendly and helpful .
1	the pool and stay was good though .
1	the casino area and property are gorgeous yet comfortable and fun .
1	friendly helpful staff .
1	we loved the buffet .
1	it has a great casino with machines we did n't find anywhere else !
1	the spa was great too .
1	the pool was great as well as the service .
1	it was clean .
1	this is a great place , all the food in here is great .
1	come on out an enjoy .
1	the rio is a pretty decent hotel .
1	i loved the rio and it made my vegas trip so much better .
1	always something exciting going on .
1	overall , i 'd recommend it .
1	i had a good feeling .
1	what a blast !
1	we are definitely booking our entire next trip here !
1	i loved the rio ... except its proximity to anything .
1	and the suite was beautiful .
1	for the value you get it 's five stars .
1	i may stay again , but i will bring my own coffee .
1	great hotel .
1	very easy to get too and the front desk was very nice !
1	will definitely stay here again soon !
1	rio hotel is a nice hotel .
1	front desk service was also superb .
1	this hotel is wonderful !
1	great customer service !
1	very clean , great amenities , all around thumbs way up !
1	the view was outstanding .
1	spent three nights including christmas eve and christmas day and enjoyed every minute .
1	all stuff including house keeping was exceptional .
1	i loved the rio .
1	hotel was great !
1	amazing customer service !
1	went to the buffet a while ago and loved our server !
1	shoot well and have fun .
1	ricky at the front desk was amazing .
1	the staff was nice and attentive .
1	over all we will come again , the pool is fantastic !
1	stayed here for my anniversary with my man and our room was beautiful !
1	first time ever to vegas !
1	i really like the service at rio .
1	it 's an inexpensive cab ride to the strip .
1	oh well the food is still good .
1	had a good stay at the rio .
1	a reasonable price and probably the best buffet in vegas .
1	staff was really nice and kept our rooms clean .
1	nice spacious rooms , big comfy beds , and an awesome view !
1	they have very friendly customer service and everyone is very helpful .
1	loved it .
1	the atmosphere is fun & lively .
1	very clean and nice rooms .
1	i had a wonderful night 's sleep here .
1	awesome shuttle service and super friendly staff !
1	will definitely stay at this location again .
1	will definitely be back .
1	room service took awhile but the staff was always extremely nice .
1	nice size room , , free wifi .
1	good food , clean casino .
1	definitely a baby making atmosphere .
1	i did n't know what to expect but i was pleasantly surprised .
1	jimmy rocks !
1	thank you !
1	the room was nice and clean .
1	as always we enjoyed our stay .
1	very spacious , clean , and the view was great .
1	staff are pretty nice .
1	still fabulous place .
1	my daughter was so happy she did n't even want to leave the room .
1	thank you rio for making my daughter 's bday great .
1	i have to say i enjoyed my stay here at the rio .
1	it is not what i expected , i was pleasantly surprised .
1	more fun ... .
1	it was a great first experience ( one night only ) .
1	the service was friendly and fun , too .
1	the atmosphere was very nice and the service was great .
1	omg ... this place is delicious .
1	they also offer some pretty interesting drinks .
1	the waiters serving were beyond friendly and took care of all our needs .
1	the place also gave us a very comforting feeling , quiet and soothing .
1	i just had a great time spending great time with my family here .
1	this place is great .
1	= ) win !
1	perfect amount of spice .
1	our waiter even brought us dessert at the end of our meal .
1	many thanks !
1	i was very pleased by their professionalism and kindness .
1	i was very impressed by their patience and attention to detail .
1	i have always found these guys helpful and honest .
1	the staff is friendly and they have a good selection of accessories and gear .
1	great place with a awesome parts dept .
1	chris is the most knowledgable !
1	wide selection of products and parts !
1	it was wonderful .
1	good selection in store and awesome service department .
1	thank you , guys .
1	well not the inside either but the food is fantastic .
1	it was hot , well seasoned , and delicious .
1	what a good find .
1	both of us were happy with our food .
1	service was good , too .
1	really great soul food in a friendly atmosphere .
1	try dipping it in honey for an extra special treat .
1	service was pleasant and quick .
1	the servers were very friendly and helpful .
1	you have to try this place you will be hooked .
1	a nice find for a nowhere area in las vegas .
1	next time we rent a car in vegas , this stop is a must !
1	a nice clearance section .
1	its bright and well lit .
1	they were really nice and helpful .
1	good quality toys decent price and great customer service .
1	fun place to visit !
1	this place is amazing .
1	john and his team at asap are real professionals .
1	john and his team are great .
1	i highly recommend asap security for your home and business security needs .
1	either way , i could give a flying fluff , the food is great .
1	great , authentic mexican food .
1	very tasty !
1	come over and have some fun guys !
1	they do the best huevos rancheros and carne asada tacos .
1	they also have the cheapest gas station in the area !
1	i was first introduced to smith 's when i moved to vegas .
1	great customer service and fresh food .
1	she was so excited today when she came to tell me .
1	it was great to see her so happy during this difficult time for her .
1	the staff that works in the deli area are great , friendly and efficient .
1	they are extremely friendly and helpful .
1	thank you austin and robert .
1	the staff throughout the store is always friendly and helpful .
1	its a must to have a rewards card and the gas rewards are wonderful !
1	like this store .
1	they were great with the design and the end product was exactly as promised .
1	what a great bar !
1	the bartender has been here for _num_ yrs and knows everyone .
1	wow !
1	actually , food is very good for bar food .
1	good food and good drinks .
1	thanks for the memories rick !
1	this is a great bar .
1	bartenders are attentive and definitely earn their keep .
1	everything was really good and satisfying .
1	all of it was really good .
1	very happy with the choice , good food at a great price .
1	the food was good .
1	i seriously love this bar , and the food is pretty good too !
1	this place is pretty legit .
1	this place does n't look like much but the food was excellent .
1	the food and service were above par .
1	the waitress is awesome .
1	doctor was nice and didnt rush us out .
1	girls in the front were nice and pretty accurate about our wait time .
1	nurses and doctors are excellent !
1	harmony healthcare partners is amazing .
1	i definitely love customer service here ( home depot in general ) .
1	they also have a good garden selection with many flowers and plants .
1	got some shirts from southern nevada printing and i am happy .
1	had them about _num_ months now and they are still going strong .
1	this a great healthier fast food .
1	absolutely delicious and this will be my to go place for lunchtime .
1	so so good !
1	this is an interesting , quirky little store .
1	this place has hands down the best salsas i have seen .
1	this place has great food - and a pretty impressive selection of salsas .
1	really good food and good size portions .
1	service is excellent and attentive .
1	do yourself a favor ... .
1	the decor is authentic mexican with mariachi and all .
1	service was exceptional .
1	enjoyed my lunch here .
1	extremely friendly service .
1	that 's fucking awesome !
1	best mexican in vegas !
1	they will even provide you with transportation there and back to your hotel !
1	good mexican .
1	nice bean dip as an appetizer .
1	good food .
1	the food is amazing and cant be compared to anywhere else .
1	divine .
1	wonderful .
1	the standard chip basket is served with a really tasty bean dip .
1	mexican food our favorite .
1	the service is excellent !
1	great service .
1	went for lunch and had a nice meal .
1	good sized portions .
1	excellent and friendly service .
1	highly recommended .
1	their tacos are the best and the margaritas are pretty good .
1	i love this restaurant .
1	we dined here last night and had a nice experience .
1	excited to go again !
1	enjoy !
1	food was decent , not the greatest , but it was good .
1	the thing that will bring us back is the service !
1	each time i always received the best food and service .
1	i will keep checking to learn when you do .
1	the staff was very attentive and super friendly .
1	the food was great as we expected .
1	margarita 's delish !
1	always willing to help in any way possible .
1	the employee that helped us out knew everything & anything about doors .
1	which was great because we needed the door asap !
1	absolutely outstanding !
1	fantastic workmanship , clean lines and great service all around .
1	excellent service , excellent printing .
1	good stuff .
1	my wife always goes with one of the shrimp curries .
1	it 's a really great dish here .
1	our server lady was very pleasant .
1	hahaha i love this place .
1	they 're so friendly and eager to serve you .
1	watching him work and how he cared about his place was very refreshing .
1	and they open again at _num_ am !
1	the spicy noodles were delicious as well .
1	this is the best thai restaurant in vegas !
1	great service , the staff is very nice .
1	probably one of the best pad thai 's i 've ever had .
1	and is one of the best thai i ate around town .
1	the food was great and the service was even better !
1	the down side to this place is that they charge you for everything .
1	their soups are great , the salads are awesome .
1	pad thai noodle is perfect , curries are great .
1	food quality is good .
1	spicy and sour !
1	the best thai food in vegas .
1	good portions .
1	on very nice girl helped us out and recommended some things on the menu .
1	the curry was really good and had a great kick to it .
1	dishes are reasonably priced and they give you quite a bit of food .
1	the food was delicious !
1	they had really good service .
1	there was really nice entertainment .
1	the ingredients seems fresh and tasted great !
1	the best i 've had - delicious .
1	delicious everything is just absolutely delicious !
1	all were amazing !
1	they always wan na please you .
1	staff is always accommodating and recommends a new dish for us each time .
1	this place is a hidden gem !
1	as a thai food lover wifey and i decided to check out this place .
1	its really that good !
1	the chicken satay was cooked perfect and the peanut sauce was delicious .
1	my favorite thai restaurant in vegas .
1	other than that , the food was great .
1	ca n't say it was the best but somewhere in the top _num_ .
1	i just love the lunch special and the staff is very nice !
1	it is the best place to come anytime for great food .
1	the staff is super friendly and helpful .
1	fast service and good customer service !
1	the people here are super friendly and the food is amazing !
1	highly recommend .
1	fair food and prices .
1	my friends and i came here for an early dinner on a weekday .
1	the beef pad thai was tasty , hefty , and loaded with beef .
1	a must visit while in town .
1	it had a black pepper seasoning that was a great touch .
1	yellow curry is so delicious .
1	well worth stopping by .
1	great food at decent prices .
1	good service .
1	they are always on time and the food is delicious .
1	the best thai mom and popped open .
1	i love , love , love thai food .
1	my girlfriend loved it though and so i 'm sure we will be back !
1	delivery is fast and they are always so nice .
1	so sad i moved on the other side of town !
1	they are very very nice people .
1	their food is good , too .
1	the guys there were really great .
1	service is so great that i have provided a _num_ star rating .
1	way to go maria , keep up the excellent work !
1	i 'm a very satisfied customer .
1	brought my friend here couple weeks ago and he loved it !
1	alex cut his hair and it looked great .
1	alex cut my hair and he did a great job !
1	very nice and personable .
1	i love tropical smoothie !
1	love this place .
1	one of my favorite places !
1	suck it up .
1	best staff with quality service .
1	awesome fast and friendly services .
1	great service .
1	i love there prices .
1	this place rocks !
1	super fast , efficient , friendly , and knowledgeable .
1	exceptionally quick professional service from sean .
1	i was pleasantly surprised .
1	poor wayne .
1	i think the dogs get the fact that she 's just a cool person .
1	she was very friendly with our dog .
1	would recommend to anyone in need of a vet .
1	glad to have found such a caring vet in this big city !
1	i highly recommend him and his caring & patient reception staff .
1	do n't settle or think bigger is better .
1	gross and she was outstanding !
1	mia was very anxious and dr .
1	that was a special service offered to me .
1	kind , accommodating staff .
1	the gals up front liz and linda took good care of us .
1	the veterinarians and tech staff are wonderful !
1	good job _num_ hour fitness .
1	yes ... it 's a must .
1	thank you !
1	clean , sleek , modern and repeat clean !
1	the gym seems clean .
1	anyway , equipment looks nice , clean , and modern .
1	pretty great facility .
1	plus the folks at the front desk are really friendly .
1	super friendly and patient with the jerk ahead of me .
1	if you go definitely see lindsey super awesome !
1	got a refund for the remaining time .
1	also free classes offered .
1	it 's also we 'll maintained and has a friendly staff .
1	good enough .
1	it 's quite a drive heading from the strip .
1	they also offered some special membership offers .
1	very friendly and helpful !
1	specially sam !
1	highly recommend this gym !
1	loooove it !
1	i 've had pizza here a couple times and it is always delicious .
1	very good food .
1	super delicious .
1	i love the wings and everything else !
1	food was delicious .
1	i first went to this place right before i moved in across the street .
1	my favorite pizza place in town !
1	the cheese was melts and perfect .
1	the pizza was amazing and hand made .
1	totally in loooove with the food and the service is just as wonderful !
1	good food and great service !
1	it arrived hot and was great .
1	great views inside or out !
1	it 's kind of expensive but believe me it 's well worth it .
1	and a plus side , they are open late !
1	nothing better !
1	so fresh and absolutely delicious !
1	i recommend this place if you 're looking for a pizza in vegas .
1	very delicious , i had the gyro .
1	brought the whole family here and there were no complaints !
1	i am a regular and my experience has always been wonderful .
1	i ca n't even describe how good the food was !
1	very nice service .
1	i had a wonderful conversation with him .
1	bucket of wings was good .
1	philly cheese steak was also good .
1	also new spicy pineapple salsa is super tasty .
1	our food was served hot , fresh , and quick .
1	we had a nice relaxing lunch and enjoyed our food .
1	it is by far the best all-you-can-eat sushi that i have found .
1	fucking delicious !
1	overall , great quality and friendly staff .
1	huge all you can eat menu !
1	the sushi is really delicious !
1	excellent service !
1	the atmosphere was definitely nice and chill .
1	i love the traci roll !
1	i am in love with this place !
1	she answered all our questions , and concerns .
1	my highlights and color always comes out right !
1	i value his opinion very much ; because he is honest and very knowledgeable .
1	thank you may !
1	cool chill hangout !
1	very cool place .
1	great drinks and atmosphere .
1	we ate here this weekend and really enjoyed it !
1	sushi was fresh and delicious .
1	i really liked the spicy scallop hand roll and sex on a roll .
1	named `` the best chinese restaurant '' by everyone in our family .
1	friendly service .
1	good chinese food set in a nice atmosphere inside the orleans hotel/casino .
1	great sushi and fresh .
1	have a very diverse menu .
1	good food inside a casino .
1	the waiter was very attentive .
1	i would highly recommend the good here .
1	tasty hot and with good service .
1	he 's the best waiter !
1	excellent food , good service , this place is a gem .
1	sweet and sour pork is just made perfect .
1	i did n't try the lamb pot but it look fantastic !
1	the service was friendly and accommodating .
1	we always each get a different item and share .
1	always look forward to eating here at least once when in vegas .
1	mail , po boxes , office services .
1	they have a great variety of clothes and i could spend days in there .
1	well , alot of everything for everyone .
1	our guests thought our party decor looked great .
1	super friendly & great prices !
1	love working with them !
1	we rented tables and chairs for a wedding .
1	everything was clean and in good condition .
1	thanks !
1	we ordered heaters , tables , and linens from them .
1	i will definitely come back .
1	definitely recommend this location !
1	they went above and beyond helping us with our van .
1	they 're very helpful and patient with me .
1	great service .
1	there were some issues and he stepped up and made everything better .
1	would recommend this place to anybody !
1	i have triple a , but this added feature is inexpensive and great !
1	talk about customer service !
1	i could n't be happier with the service here .
1	the best service i ever gotten .
1	i really appreciated his time and effort .
1	the presentation of the seafood platter looked good .
1	the food is good .
1	highly recommended !
1	the platters are hooked up .
1	will be frequenting it even when the fam goes home !
1	their entrees are delicious and they 're good price .
1	food was pretty good .
1	live it breath it , own it !
1	breakfast heaven all day long !
1	best experience every time even when it starts to fill up in the restaraunt .
1	authentic filipino food and my family 's favorite filipino restaurant .
1	my entire family decided to have dinner there and enjoyed our experience .
1	great atmosphere , really feels authentic .
1	we constantly try filipino authentic restaurants to please his cravings .
1	very good !
1	home cooked and love the decor of the place .
1	staff was very nice and attentive !
1	i would definitely go again and recommend !
1	my go-to spot for filipino food .
1	they have a large menu with really great food !
1	remembering people who treated me right is an awesome thing .
1	it 's hands down the best sushi restaurant in the usa .
1	the food is good but how much rice can one eat .
1	they have the best soy sauce .
1	i have n't tried the desserts but they look great .
1	the sushi is good , i like the hot foods too .
1	food was good , got there before the rush of people came in .
1	i love it , love it , love it .
1	its worth the price !
1	this restaurant 's sushi quality is good .
1	in terms of quality , they definitely have the upper hand .
1	the service was pretty good , prompt and attentive .
1	high value for the price you pay .
1	something for everyone .
1	it has good food and good service plus a huge selection of seafood .
1	great place to bring friends and family !
1	i ate both sushi and hot dishes and was very impressed .
1	this place has the freshest sushi selection in town !
1	well worth the price !
1	good service , good sushi for an all you can eat place .
1	but i still love the variety and the quality for the buck .
1	lunch for $ _num_ is the best deal .
1	love the sushi here !
1	i love this place !
1	love the price and service .
1	sushi heaven !
1	and $ _num_ for lunch is a great price as well .
1	went there for lunch and was very impressed .
1	this place is hella good .
1	best bang for your buck here .
1	good services .
1	many sushi selection , tastes fresh and good too .
1	love the fresh baby oyster and the crab , tastes fresh .
1	dessert is good too .
1	one of my favorite buffet to go too .
1	assortment of rolls and a decent array of sushi .
1	, its part of our memorial day tradition .
1	everything i had was delicious !
1	more sushi selection and i love their clam soup .
1	sushi was good .
1	this is the best , most fresh sushi buffet i 've encountered .
1	my friend recommended this .
1	incredible sushi selection .
1	best japanese buffet in vegas .
1	the waitress was really nice and cute .
1	the food was really good .
1	there was lots of people but they still managed to provide great service .
1	highly recommend this place for anybody visiting vegas .
1	great food , fresh and great service !
1	just came to this fantastic all-you-can-eat sushi bar for the second time .
1	excellent food for the money .
1	their buffet selection is good and will please pretty much anybody .
1	this is a one of kind place !
1	everything is so fresh & tasty !
1	excellent selection of quality sushi and other japanese foods .
1	will definitely come back if in the area .
1	every time we are in vegas , we always eat here .
1	i think it 's a great price for the selection .
1	never disappointed & always fresh .
1	come early , there 's always a line !
1	our local friends treated us for a dinner which is why we came here .
1	the staff is excellent .
1	i am a japanese from tokyo and was impressed in its quality of foods .
1	best japanese buffet ever !
1	variety is outstanding .
1	a great buffet , perhaps the best in town .
1	wished there was more food selections and names on the sushi .
1	the service was great .
1	we will definitely be back again when we are in town .
1	my friend and i loved their tuna sashimi .
1	i really enjoyed this place .
1	really love the place !
1	this is very recommended !
1	the sushi is good but not the best .
1	the service is always great even with the place always being packed .
1	the very best sushi buffet ever !
1	for a seafood buffet very good .
1	the staff was accommodating and gave us a lot of good drinks .
1	the fish was so fresh and delicious !
1	great selection .
1	my wife said foods aside from sushi was very authentic and tasty .
1	great all you can eat sushi and other japanese food .
1	servers are friendly and attentive .
1	definitely a place to visit .
1	great selection .
1	me my wife and kids had a great experience here .
1	we loved the selection and quality of food at this location .
1	the sushi was so fresh .
1	the food options were delicious .
1	friendly & great service !
1	great selection of sushi and sashimi for an $ _num_ lunch .
1	this place is great !
1	we 'll keep coming back !
1	this place has very good and fresh sushi .
1	i will definitely tell my friends about this place .
1	nice friendly place that works like a well oiled clock .
1	pretty much everything is fresh ( or taste fresh ) and look good too .
1	i love this place !
1	nice of him to come by and check up on me .
1	the food is delicious and service is good .
1	my wife really enjoy their japanese style appetizers .
1	highly recommended .
1	friendly staff as well .
1	lol .
1	seating was comfortable and i was pleasantly impressed with their service !
1	the service : well , no one that works here is in any rush .
1	i did n't have to even ask , he was so honest .
1	so , definitely ask for jorge he 's a complete professional !
1	car was washed great !
1	one of the best burgers in vegas !
1	the service was fast and everyone had a nice attitude .
1	i honestly wish the serving was bigger .
1	it was thick and creamy and delicious .
1	bomb .
1	it came out just perfect .
1	great spot for cheaper prices on tools .
1	i highly recommend this company for their knowledge , expertise and fair pricing structure .
1	the company has a good reputation in town .
1	their receptionist max is a sweetheart !
1	thanks alot .
1	besides having a great variety in mens suits the customer service is top notch .
1	best in vegas !
1	i went in the next morning and the suits fit perfectly .
1	best customer service !
1	fish was perfect .
1	the meal was superb though our server was personality challenged .
1	cocktails were excellent .
1	appetizers were delicious .
1	the ambiance of little buddha is amazing .
1	definitely a fun , cool way to start the night .
1	i love the way it looks inside .
1	i 've been many times , usually order fish it 's always good .
1	its a very well decorated space and seems a great place for large groups .
1	trust me , just go there and order it .
1	the miso soup was some of the best i 've ever had .
1	the drinks , the raw fish and the atmosphere are all good here .
1	the george 's lobster roll was very good as well .
1	our service was impeccable .
1	intimate , trendy and delicious .
1	some of the best i 've had .
1	i have added it to the places i will always visit in las vegas .
1	recommend the dragon rolls .
1	good food , atmosphere with dim light to make it more cozy .
1	service was good .
1	i have been to little buddha twice and both times were wonderful !
1	try the spicy salmon and scallop roll .
1	filet skewers were fantastic .
1	this place is very good .
1	the service was good and friendly too .
1	really good selection and at $ _num_ each , not bad for vegas !
1	best tuna i 've ever had !
1	very nice decor and the staff was very friendly .
1	next time we are at the palms we will definitely hit this place up .
1	the service is great .
1	the food was phenomenal !
1	this place was great .
1	win win for everyone .
1	great food .
1	one of the best duck dishes i 've ever had .
1	so i took a star away because of him .
1	it 's also very pricey .
1	amazing .
1	the salmon was delicious .
1	i think alize is a great place to take a date .
1	definitely the best fine dining and french restaurant in vegas hands down !
1	not only is the view spectacular , but the food is equally impressive .
1	i will return here without question ... maybe the best french in vegas !
1	very romantic atmosphere .
1	everyone was very attentive and on top of things .
1	all _num_ courses were well prepared , and well presented .
1	great food served in a great atmosphere .
1	( the lobster bisque was by far the best i have ever had . )
1	super delicious food .
1	we got the tasting menu which was perfect to try multiple items .
1	superb !
1	the entire experience was cordial and polished .
1	perfect !
1	they also have an impressive wine list and house specialty cocktail list .
1	service was great , as expected .
1	great view , nice wine selection ... had chardonnay and malbec .
1	good choices .
1	good idea for watermelon pairing with heirloom tomatoes and balsamic vinegar .
1	the hot appetizer trio had braised pork belly ( delicious !
1	great experience .
1	i also loved the music selection and great eclectic drinks .
1	in short , it 's a great restaurant .
1	the view is breathtaking of course .
1	great food , great atmosphere and great service !
1	beautiful view + awesome view !
1	the view is fantastic !
1	every dish was outstanding !
1	the presentation alone was amazing !
1	the price was definitely worth the happiness my taste buds experienced !
1	the food is amazing - everything was cooked perfectly and had such wonderful flavors .
1	it was a perfect way to spend valentine dinner .
1	this is a new favorite for us in las vegas .
1	highly recommended .
1	amazing food , great drinks , spectacular views , top-notch service and high prices .
1	great drinks .
1	most restaurants with a great view forget about the food .
1	thank you !
1	impeccable service , delicious food , and beautiful view of the strip .
1	one of the best restaurants in vegas .
1	i highly recommend the chilean sea bass , the ribeye , and chicken .
1	amazing views , service and food !
1	one of the true five star restaurants , highly recommended !
1	definitely a special occasion type of place .
1	best dinner ever .
1	totally worth it !
1	service is a+ .
1	amazing views .
1	had a great dinner here two nights ago .
1	the view is spectacular !
1	had the seared foie gras and it was wonderful .
1	great taste on every dishes , a little bit too much portion for me .
1	great menu .
1	the staff were fantastic , the view was inspiring , the food was perfect !
1	this place is great !
1	we wanted something special and memorable and they did not disappoint !
1	incredible service , food and the view is awesome .
1	service overall was excellent without being overbearing .
1	highly recommended if you want a romantic place .
1	had a really nice feel overall .
1	the service was great .
1	amazing food , amazing wine , amazing service , amazing views !
1	highly recommend for french foodie .
1	foie gras is the best , very tender and delicious !
1	came here with my girlfriend and some of our friends .
1	a lovely experience each time .
1	food was phenomenal service was spectacular .
1	very tasty and not over filling .
1	chef 's tasting menu is amazing !
1	thank you for such an outstanding evening .
1	i 'm a steak lover , but honestly , i preferred the bass .
1	service extraordinary , food creativity impressive and the souffl is the stuff of legends .
1	a destination for celebration !
1	one that had a spectacular view of the city in the distance ?
1	the service is amazing , the whole atmosphere and views are outstanding !
1	the view of the strip was spectacular .
1	the service was more than incredible .
1	we felt like rich people being serviced .
1	it was exceptional .
1	the food was amazing , but the view and service was even better .
1	omg ... amazing meal .
1	a wonderful place .
1	make sure you give yourself plenty of time to enjoy the experience .
1	the bread basket was abundant , the butter homemade and nice .
1	the meal itself was good , but not the best .
1	what a great experience .
1	that birthday present was a cute little chocolate cake .
1	delicious from apps to dessert !
1	everything was impeccable .
1	compliments to everyone around for such an amazing dining experience .
1	you 're in for a very special treat !
1	i will definitely come back for another special occasion .
1	great conversation and super personable .
1	we sat right at the window around 8pm and the view was spectacular .
1	i wish i could give it more stars !
1	food and wine list are excellent .
1	we even received a nice email asking if we had enjoy our experience !
1	one of the best meals ever .
1	this was just a great experience !
1	the view is great !
1	loved the wine !
1	we even received a nice email asking if we had enjoy our experience !
1	highly recommend taste menu .
1	it 's not inexpensive , but it is special .
1	i love this place , five star service !
1	this is an elegant french restaurant at the top of the palms .
1	the dcor is impressive and the service is outstanding .
1	definitely an experience and worth trying .
1	every dish is prepared to perfection .
1	the only word i can use is amazing .
1	amazing food ... ... .
1	amazing view .
1	_num_ out of _num_ - amazing !
1	their veal wellington was superb , as was their salmon trio , immaculate .
1	had a great time !
1	service was excellent .
1	please add at least one stout or porter ( other than guinness ) .
1	incredible view , amazing staff , delicious mouth-watering food .
1	quality sushi here .
1	everything was perfect .
1	pretty quiet atmosphere and the owner is a nice lady .
1	it 's my favorite sushi place in town .
1	one of my favorites in near the core of las vegas .
1	it shows .
1	it was pretty cool .
1	i enjoyed it eating in and ordered it delivery the following day .
1	the service was great and the place was well decorated and very trendy !
1	the prices are very reasonable too .
1	what a great value , potions were normal sizes and rolls too .
1	i was so excited to do it !
1	this place is more authentic than you 'd get in some other places .
1	ask for kenny because he will show you a great time !
1	quality sushi and service !
1	great food at a good price .
1	sushi is delicious !
1	you 've got to come try it !
1	it 's so yummy !
1	i come here all the time with my friends !
1	ingredients are always fresh and vibrant and the staff is great .
1	friendly staff fast and efficient .
1	came for ayce and we got it !
1	thanks sushi _num_ !
1	the fish is always very fresh .
1	the staff is very friendly .
1	i had a great experience at sushi _num_ .
1	the server were good and fast .
1	also the avocado and the cucumber was fresh .
1	best sushi in town .
1	love it .
1	the service was great from the sushi chef , johnny , and waitresses .
1	the service is great and the waiters are very friendly .
1	the location is okay , but it is easy to get to .
1	it was very good food .
1	fish is so fresh .
1	outstanding food !
1	outstanding service , attentive waitresses .
1	lots of options on all you can eat .
1	very friendly staff !
1	the service is great .
1	love it .
1	the sushi chefs are great specially sol that make us feel so welcome .
1	great service , amazing food and a fun time .
1	the all you can eat sushi is the best deal in town .
1	really good sushi , always fresh , & delicious !
1	they have some of the most creative rolls and salads i 've had .
1	the restrooms are always clean and the restaurant ambiance is tranquil yet modern .
1	great vibe , fresh sushi and very nice staff .
1	food was great !
1	it 's my first time to this sushi spot .
1	the sushi has been amazing !
1	you definitely get your money 's worth for the all you can eat !
1	good quality fish and sushi rice .
1	other than that , loved it !
1	very prompt and friendly .
1	every single roll i ordered was superb !
1	will be coming back !
1	the food was amazing could n't have been better .
1	very clean and the workers were well groomed .
1	found this place leaving the venetian and tried something new .
1	always nice to find an awesome ayce sushi spot .
1	i havent been here in a while ... still the same great taste !
1	two thumbs up for sure !
1	all you can it.
1	my friend ordered the shrimp fried rice and that looked delicious .
1	the customer service is excellent , n the staff is fun to be around .
1	it was a great lunch place !
1	great service and prices !
1	wow !
1	stumbled upon this place on vacation with friends .
1	great food , personable staff , great relaxed yet upbeat atmosphere !
1	super awesome upbeat music great vibe .
1	really fast , really good , and friendly service : ) everything tastes fresh .
1	will definitely be coming back .
1	the waitress where very attentive and nice as well as helped me with choosing .
1	the popcorn lobster roll and baked lobster roll are divine !
1	it is the best orange chicken i have ever had .
1	great late night sushi spot !
1	the washington roll and the kiss of fire are amazing !
1	great sushi great prices !
1	friendly service , awesome sushi .
1	the service was great .
1	their menu has so many adventurous and delicious options !
1	large all you can eat menu with many items on it .
1	service was fast and friendly .
1	the orange blossom was an unexpected delight .
1	this was very good !
1	great experience .
1	the korean music videos make the place have a pleasant atmosphere to be at .
1	for the proportions per roll , this is very well priced .
1	great atmosphere , i would recommend this place to anybody .
1	favorite sushi spot in vegas .
1	they 're super fast !
1	will visit again !
1	thank you so much .
1	it 's was the best sushi in vegas !
1	the service was amazing , the drinks were on point ... .
1	all you can eat dinner is worth the price .
1	delicious flavors .
1	also the service was smiling and very attentive !
1	thank you !
1	it was good .
1	very impressed !
1	i loved how they have lots of spicy roll options .
1	our waitress was great and very friendly .
1	nice environment .
1	the sushi tastes fresh , and they are very generous with their portions .
1	great menu selection for all you can eat sushi !
1	recommend the green mussels and pretty much all the nigiri they have .
1	i will definitely come back again .
1	great spot for all you can eat .
1	service is great , the sushi is always fresh .
1	i love the bento boxes , and great value for the price !
1	eat here !
1	great food !
1	great everything !
1	such awesome and good people .
1	pretty good ayce sushi restaurant .
1	great service .
1	ordered quite a few sushi 's and all were good .
1	but still , the fish is fresh and yummy .
1	sushi _num_ is great !
1	i freaking love this place .
1	right by my work always go when i am able !
1	great sushi !
1	great food !
1	the fresh oysters are so so good !
1	popcorn lobster roll is amaze .
1	reasonable price and you get a ton off the menu .
1	and it 's a huge portion .
1	the yellowtail was very fresh .
1	they are using a new sauce the previous ones where better .
1	good sushi in vegas !
1	check it out !
1	fresh , good sushi here .
1	best sushi i 've ever had .
1	quaint sushi restaurant in vegas .
1	this place is great for dinner !
1	great appetizers , favorite was baked green mussels !
1	ayce was great tons of choice !
1	awesome atmosphere , great service and your taste buds will thank you .
1	very good food !
1	the atmosphere is great it 's a nice restaurant with great customer attention .
1	great service , knowledgable staff -- wonderful food .
1	friendly waiters : ) it was close by to where we stayed .
1	everything we ordered was delicious !
1	sushi spot in vegas !
1	and i love the videos !
1	i also liked the ambiance and music .
1	top notch ayce sushi .
1	great food .
1	lovely service .
1	well worth a visit !
1	thanks and see you soon !
1	this is the best .
1	what i love most was the service here .
1	my favorite was the super white tuna and my mom loved the uni .
1	will definitely come back .
1	definitely check it out if you are near the strip .
1	really fresh and yummy fish too !
1	this place has great sushi and a good amount of portions !
1	found my new spot !
1	i love this place !
1	all the servers are so nice and patient .
1	second time i have been to sushi _num_ and another great experience .
1	but excellent sushi !
1	service is always very good as well .
1	best sushi in vegas ... .
1	the food is really good .
1	first class roll was awesome .
1	great flavor .
1	the service was excellent and on top of everything .
1	the all you can eat is a must .
1	really nice sweet guy !
1	the hours are great , too .
1	excellent and delicious must have all you can eat it 's the best .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	everyone is so nice and friendly.
1	great food for a good price , great customer service .
1	definitely be back !
1	everytime we come from cali we always have to come here !
1	great sushi great service !
1	all you can eat !
1	we found our new spot .
1	ordered ayce ... everything was delicious .
1	great service and food .
1	great pricing !
1	the service is also really great .
1	a+ service .
1	tried this spot out and decided on the all you can eat .
1	huge selection and good quality .
1	rolls were very well balanced .
1	service was outstanding very quick and servers were very pleasant .
1	excellent service for our big family of _num_ .
1	the food was delicious and the hot tea was at a perfect temperature .
1	perfect balance .
1	good food a+ service .
1	the servers here are friendly and the food is fast .
1	the coffee hit the spot .
1	kristen is my waitress , she 's actually serving me now .
1	her service is extraordinary .
1	hash browns perfect .
1	staff super friendly , food always great .
1	personally i thought the manager was doing an outstanding job !
1	this is impressive .
1	over all the food was good .
1	this is by far our best experience at a denny in this area .
1	good job brittany and others we enjoyed our meal .
1	they had a beautiful facility and a great instructor .
1	i really do appreciate the fact that she arrives early for my driving lessons .
1	i feel more confident and ready to take my driving test .
1	thank you northwest driving school !
1	thank you again !
1	the facilities are way nicer than i expected and the staff is incredible friendly .
1	love this place !
1	yeah !
1	the rainbow company offers great drama classes for youth here .
1	my daughter loves them .
1	last night 's production of charlotte 's web was very well done !
1	anything disney is magical to me .
1	wonderful staff !
1	very helpful and friendly !
1	she also got a cool gift for opening the store .
1	fortunately we found mail link .
1	but they get it done and make it work .
1	it 's unpretentious , but efficient and cost effective .
1	great place , and i 'm appreciative of their services over the years .
1	they are professional and efficient .
1	wow ... this place is crazy cool .
1	she was sooo happy to have the amazing selection that this store offered .
1	thanks !
1	love this location , and the staff is always great !
1	i just started going to this doctor and i will continue going .
1	always returns my messages of concerns .
1	she was nice and helpful .
1	he takes his time and is very nice .
1	i ordered via phone , so not sure how well they take online orders .
1	the old lady at the cash register was really nice .
1	food was , hot accurate and surprisingly tasty for the price .
1	thank you !
1	they will never up sell you and are always honest .
1	he is simply a good , fair and honest gentleman .
1	but it was worth it .
1	a good way to get away from the strip life and become more educated .
1	wow !
1	great museum !
1	there is so much history and so much to learn !
1	what a great museum , very well put together , great artifacts and information .
1	there was so much info on nevada and lots of interesting displays .
1	i really enjoyed this museum !
1	i 'd never seen costumes like that so close up , definitely a treat !
1	i recommend to bring your child here .
1	awesome and quick service .
1	the waitress was very friendly and accommodating !
1	their driving range was a lot of fun !
1	great finds in such a tucked away place !
1	definitely a hidden little gem of a thrift shop that 's worth a trip !
1	that being said , i 'll still come back : ) .
1	definitely going back if ever i need auto service again .
1	thank you tom and kevin for years of excellent service .
1	fast , honest and friendly .
1	thank you !
1	thanks , guys !
1	did an amazing job , great manners , wonderful attitude .
1	thanks guys for making my last one a good one .
1	adrian is a great dude !
1	highly recommend .
1	forward a few years , and time for her to get something done .
1	he was very quick and made sure he did it perfect .
1	definitely would recommend going here and using adrian .
1	the veggies are always fresh and look amazing .
1	they made me feel welcomed to ask anything i had question to .
1	thank everyone who works here is so nice .
1	i had an awesome experience here .
1	they hooked me up !
1	thanks everyone .
1	_num_ & 1/2 stars for this great dive .
1	i love this place !
1	we also ordered the buffalo wings appetizer ... which was also good .
1	this place is definitely worth driving out to next time your visiting las vegas .
1	the bread is so good i can eat it by itself .
1	you must eat here !
1	lol the food is awesome , and the service is excellent .
1	this is easily one of the best values in all of las vegas !
1	best stromboli in vegas period .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	the stromboli was huge and tasty , just the way it looked .
1	the service was friendly and attentive .
1	the best stromboli on the menu is the `` original '' .
1	the other food i saw being served looks good too .
1	great service .
1	the stromboli is very good , and the sucker is huge !
1	bring someone to share it with you !
1	good stromboli !
1	that said , it 's pretty much a dive bar .
1	very helpful .
1	great philly cheesesteak .
1	food was pretty good .
1	the are the size of small baby arms and the flavor is amazing .
1	the locals are nice and even the scary bikers were very engaging .
1	seriously yummy !
1	the staff is very friendly and happy to have you there .
1	good service .
1	as good as it gets for comfort food !
1	this place is the best .
1	great food and cold beer at reasonable prices .
1	just a great place .
1	i finally got back here during the day for lunch .
1	i 'll definately go back when i 'm in vegas .
1	good service and great food .
1	but my favorite place to drink in general .
1	great pizza and wings , old vegas favorite .
1	pizza and stromboli are some of the best in town .
1	bar staff is very friendly and the draft beer is usually on sale .
1	nothing fancy but a great place for pizza and a beer .
1	simply wow .
1	i also had a taste of my friend 's philly cheesesteak and again amazing !
1	i love this place !
1	have to love this place for what it is .
1	crazy good deal !
1	best wings ever !
1	loved this place !
1	the service was excellent and so was the food .
1	the dough was really tasty and soft .
1	friends had the wings and said they were very good as well !
1	best stromboli in vegas .
1	the crust for both stromboli and pizza is outstanding .
1	meatball and original are spectacular .
1	it 's actually around the side on jones .
1	mike the chef was great too .
1	ashley was a wonderful server !
1	here and they do enjoy the food .
1	best service and food !
1	wonderful personality .
1	also there hot wings were really good too .
1	hands down , i will be back to this place with friends in tow .
1	great burgers and the stromboli is awesome !
1	my family and my friend always come here .
1	best place to eat in vegas .
1	great food .
1	lots of local unlv crowd which is good .
1	loved this place !
1	pizza is amazing and you ca n't beat the prices during football games .
1	great dive bar .
1	super friendly service and good food .
1	still over all , it 's good stuff .
1	a total dice with excellent food and service .
1	greasy , delicious messy goodness .
1	their calzones are possibly the best thing i have ever eaten .
1	well , the other reviews were correct .
1	excellent .
1	coleslaw was amazing as well !
1	see y'all next time !
1	was a great place !
1	definitely going to go back !
1	love this place !
1	meatball stromboli !
1	it is def the best dive bar around .
1	the service is nice and the food is great .
1	i love how they cook their wings ... they are always crispy and good .
1	nice place .
1	excellent service !
1	the fingers and stromboli were excellent !
1	the best crispy naked chicken wings ever been going there for thirty years !
1	best pepperoni pizza i 've had in vegas .
1	great atmosphere .
1	rich was our host for the afternoon and treated us like the locals .
1	great food , cold beer and good view of the tvs for the game .
1	great stromboli which was large enough to share .
1	the best !
1	ahh , this place is seriously so good .
1	its always full of locals !
1	the good kind and the bad kind ... ... have fun and enjoy !
1	it did n't wow me , but its a good place to try .
1	the wings and stromboli are the best on the planet !
1	most of the food is pretty good , but most especially the stromboli .
1	great food !
1	it was great !
1	cheaper than taco hell and better .
1	the food was fresh and i did n't have runs so that 's great .
1	i was stoked .
1	epic burritos are to die for .
1	they know what they are doing and doing a great job .
1	but this jiffy lube was fantastic .
1	great job !
1	awesome customer service !
1	signature service oil change , new battery & installation - all just _num_ minutes .
1	thanks !
1	always great food and hassle free .
1	they have always been professional , courteous , and responsive .
1	they 're incredibly helpful and knowledgeable , and offer the best price around town .
1	century _num_ is the absolute best.
1	smart , efficient , and cost effective .
1	it is fantastic to see that type of service .
1	amazing !
1	very very highly recommended .
1	century _num_ rocks !
1	i highly highly recommend this place .
1	they did an excellent job on my laptop !
1	excellent job !
1	amazing food .
1	great coffee .
1	my omelet was also excellent .
1	so good !
1	-- feeling happy .
1	great sevice , nice and clean , great menu !
1	will go back very soon , again !
1	me : pork chop was delicious !
1	the staff is hard-working and super friendly .
1	i was craving a great breakfast .
1	we 'll definitely be back !
1	the staff are very friendly and they keep the coffee flowing .
1	very vintage and retro .
1	food will also help you feel like you 're there .
1	perfect cakes !
1	so good .
1	renee is a great waitress and brian was very attentive .
1	love the warm family style atmosphere .
1	its always inviting and and never disappointing .
1	the food is home-made so it 's delicious .
1	the staff is excellent and friendly .
1	yelp comes thru again .
1	delicious sausage well made gravy perfectly poached egg .
1	homemade hash browns yummy good and the price is just right .
1	very clean with reasonable prices .
1	be careful or you 'll drive right by it .
1	food was good , well-prepared , friendly service , personal touches .
1	great service .
1	will come back next time we visit vegas !
1	highly recommended !
1	great simple and very cozy ambience .
1	service was wonderful .
1	great food & excellent service !
1	they know how to operate the cafe and they have a nice selection .
1	so you get great deals .
1	great customer service !
1	lol he said , wow !
1	highly recommend this classic dive .
1	unexpected treasure .
1	love it !
1	i refer all my friends and family here .
1	great service and delicious hamburgers !
1	great place .
1	times of day from casual , business to going out and partying .
1	comparison to some other places so its well worth it !
1	i am so happy !
1	it 's worth it !
1	the salesperson was able to help recommend items and sizes .
1	tequila , tamales and ceviche !
1	both of them were good .
1	my new favorite store !
1	i havent tried the sweet department yet , but all the fruits are great !
1	talk about customer service !
1	this store is clean and they have updated it i like the new look .
1	great back to school prices .
1	great place to shop for work clothes .
1	the store was in perfect order and i received excellent customer service today .
1	great experience today .
1	very attentive and helps me the best he can .
1	great customer service !
1	i recommend this establishment .
1	very nice vehicles !
1	they worked with my insurance company and made the whole process easy .
1	but still love this place !
1	i just visited this red lobster and it was great .
1	both our meals also came with side salads , which was a nice surprise .
1	so far all of my experiences here have been great at this location .
1	even while they were in construction we 've had great service .
1	i bought some of the mix from walmart and smiths ... so delish !
1	the food was good but linda will definitely be the reason i go back !
1	when we got seated i got a sampler platter to eat .
1	they presented very nice on the mashed potatoes .
1	i had a very good experience .
1	it was so good i 've been back three times this month .
1	very fresh .
1	great parking lot !
1	all you can eat biscuits too !
1	the the salmon new orleans was a huge portion !
1	first time here , food was great .
1	will come back !
1	we came in and got seated right away .
1	had the best experience there today for lunch .
1	they were top notch , keep up the good work .
1	the food and service at this location are exceptional .
1	this is the spot i always hit up for holidays and or special occasions .
1	the first impression was marvelous and this was my first time visiting .
1	anyways best one out in vegas , with the best employees !
1	linda was a great server !
1	great late lunch service & food from maria at the decatur location .
1	first i called to get an estimate and they were great !
1	i always ask for him first and he is very helpful .
1	your food is amazing !
1	very professional staff , great dentist .
1	debbie thank you for all you do , you are truly a gem !
1	a real butcher shop in the heart of the city .
1	great thick cut prime meats .
1	this place is a vegas institution and fantastic .
1	i think this place is great !
1	i will certainly continue my patronage with larry 's !
1	the selection was top notch .
1	these are the best cuts in town .
1	this is the best butcher shop i 've been too .
1	friendly and fast customer service and the steak was exceptional !
1	very good `` choice '' beef !
1	meats are gorgeous , and such a variety .
1	and the service was good !
1	great choice of meats and their always have what i want !
1	love this place .
1	even the beef jerky is delicious .
1	everyone i have met is very helpful and honest .
1	they do offer military discounts as well !
1	i thoroughly enjoyed spending money there .
1	thanks tanner and kristin for your smiles .
1	derek rocks !
1	he helped me fit all my motorcycle gear .
1	love this place .
1	definitely will be back .
1	the best selection and the most friendliest , helpful , knowledgeable employees work there .
1	i buy all my bras here .
1	not only was this place beautiful the staff was amazing .
1	the staff is always friendly and usually greet you at the door .
1	they are having the best sale ever .
1	the staff at this store is always friendly and helpful .
1	this place is amazing !
1	went to sign up for member appreciation day today .
1	maureen was an excellent tour guide .
1	it 's much bigger .
1	i had a good time at my sons basketball game .
1	the staff very helpful and friendly !
1	not bad but could be improved .
1	kelly was sooooo amazing !
1	super excited and such cases a great fit for me .
1	great company , great customer service , great work .
1	the food is great !
1	this is my favorite little bar .
1	this place is the guilty pleasure of my husband and i .
1	i am glad they have finally hired some genuinely nice employees .
1	this is the kind of customer service everyone should get .
1	the food court looked decent .
1	the security team seems very professional .
1	a good mall , diverse shops ( as expected ) .
1	i am very happy that this mall is close to me .
1	management has changed and the attitude of the mall is new and fresh .
1	my older son loves the bathrooms with the kid sized toilets and sinks .
1	amazing store had a wonderful time with my daughter picking out christmas presents .
1	the rest rooms are mostly clean .
1	this place is great .
1	it 's a very good sandwich , but a little too much meat .
1	pop 's philly steaks makes the best cheesesteak sandwich i have ever had .
1	if you are ever in town , you definitely have to stop by .
1	best place ever .
1	this place is great !
1	i have always wanted to check this place , and i finally did today .
1	also , the turkey sandwich is top flight !
1	highly recommended !
1	open 24/7 and it 's always very hot !
1	pride of philly ( pops ) gets it right .
1	it was all very tasty , tasted pretty fresh and was made to order .
1	the service was very friendly .
1	awesome good food !
1	they know how to make some excellent cheese steaks !
1	omg , it was fantastic !
1	i crave them all the time .
1	so delicious !
1	i personally liked the bbq pork grinder the most .
1	but sooo good .
1	real good !
1	they have some good sweet potato fries too !
1	the best steak sandwich place ever !
1	by the way , the rolls are amazing !
1	love love love this place !
1	awesome cheesesteaks ... probably the best in vegas !
1	this is one of our favorite places .
1	you keep making delicious sandwiches , and ill keep coming .
1	finally , i 've found a cheesesteak place in vegas that gets it right .
1	the philly 's here are good , one of the better places in vegas .
1	i know it 's good food , but it 's a cheesesteak !
1	still , though , it 's good food .
1	and they prep it super quick .
1	this place is amazing .
1	love this place and will keep going back til i die .
1	solid cheese steak .
1	loved the fried green beans and their okra !
1	will definitely recommend to friends who has n't tried it !
1	but this is one of the better ones in town .
1	staff is pleasant .
1	best cheese steak in las vegas !
1	best cheesesteak i 've had , very good and nicely proportioned .
1	they are on the pricy side but it was well worth it .
1	it was pretty darn good ... .
1	philly cheese is their specialty and wow are they good at it .
1	love love love pop 's !
1	delicious philly steaks .
1	made fresh .
1	nonetheless they are the best !
1	but it was well worth it .
1	sandwich was tasty and the roll soft .
1	i was very happy .
1	in vegas for most of may working at the house of blues .
1	my husband loves this place .
1	the whiz is hot and plentiful .
1	and let me tell you ... that particular menu item is absolutely evil .
1	fantastic hoagies and sides as well .
1	their fried okra is also tasty !
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
1	love this place and sure wish they had a location in henderson !
1	also the cheesesteaks were really good .
1	will definitely come back .
1	great hot sandwiches the cook makes it right in front of you .
1	it 's patio dining which works best for evening and overnight dining .
1	one of the best an worth the drive to that side of town .
1	this is the best steak and cheese my husband and i have ever had.
1	i hope it 's good.
1	great great quick place to eat !
1	always loved this place , since before it was pop 's .
1	amazingly delicious !
1	but grabbing to go is good as well .
1	love it !
1	first time i stopped at pop 's , i was hooked on their sandwiches .
1	loved the sweet potato fries .
1	perfect amount of meat and cheese .
1	the bread ... absolutely yummy .
1	delicious .
1	super easy to get to location off decatur and _num_ .
1	so flavorful and make you want to come back for more .
1	it 's worth your time for a quick philly grab .
1	onions grilled and sweet .
1	bread was soft and fresh .
1	will definitely start being a regular here .
1	employees are super nice .
1	amazing food , amazing service .
1	this place is as close to authentic as it gets !
1	staff is super friendly !
1	so so good .
1	i love love love pop 's .
1	the helpings are so big .
1	this place is soooo good !
1	this place is amazing .
1	the philly cheese steaks are the best you 'll ever get .
1	just fantastic .
1	the onion rings were so crispy and amazing too .
1	the wings were pretty good .
1	i liked them !
1	the bread is authentic philly cheese steak bread !
1	service is awesome , outdoor seating is perfect this time of year .
1	definitely worth the drive .
1	great philly 's and sandwiches .
1	the food is prepared right before you when you order it !
1	but well worth it !
1	great food & awesome costumer service .
1	love this place !
1	i recommend the philly cheese steak .
1	soooooo excited !
1	for steaks , i order a # _num_ , always great .
1	the best philly cheese steak we have ever had .
1	this is another hole-in-the-wall place that locals love to frequent .
1	service is always quick & friendly , and the food is always tasty .
1	love the fact that this place is _num_ hrs .
1	throwback to a better time when everything was n't go go go .
1	got myself the traditional philly while my son got one with bacon .
1	he loved his and i was impressed with mine .
1	these guys are great .
1	loved it !
1	customer service is terrific .
1	definitely give this place a try .
1	the staff was very nice and welcoming i did n't have to wait .
1	i definitely will be going back !
1	julie is worth the wait , call ahead and make an appointment for her .
1	they take their time with their work .
1	the shape of my nails has always been even and beautiful .
1	noticed this place is packed and had good reviews .
1	sandy did a great job on my nails and pedicure !
1	i can definitely say that the quality is very good .
1	majority of the people who work here are really good .
1	prices are very very reasonable for the work they do .
1	they are the best , fast , friendly , efficient , safe and clean .
1	love top nails !
1	first time there and had a great experience .
1	the whole staff is very friendly and the salon is very clean .
1	excellent customer service .
1	fair and accurate estimates .
1	they truly did an impeccable job .
1	pricy ring adjustment but the owner is honest about everything .
1	thank you fast fix !
1	they are quick and perfect .
1	this place is good .
1	loved it !
1	great selection of cigars , music , cocktails .
1	i 'll be going back .
1	great selection !
1	one of my favorite places to visit in las vegas !
1	relaxing atmosphere and great service .
1	great atmosphere with wonderful live jazz music .
1	my husband and i always come here after a nice meal to kick back .
1	great place !
1	got ta come in .
1	all in a very pleasant atmosphere .
1	great find off of the las vegas strip !
1	this place us a total gem !
1	great place to hang out while in vegas .
1	what a great place !
1	the front desk is friendly .
1	nice , clean rooms right on the strip across from the new city center .
1	what a beautiful place to stay !
1	very very cool !
1	the location was perfect , very convenient and close to other hotels and casinos .
1	it was quiet and our one bedroom villa was huge !
1	we had a great stay and would definitely come back !
1	_num_ ) it 's clean .
1	location is great .
1	very impressive condo style .
1	it had a very homey feeling to it and i liked that .
1	it was clean which is a big plus and felt comfy .
1	great service and good location on the strip .
1	right by the strip .
1	it 's pretty much on the strip and close to the middle area .
1	great place to stay right in the center of the strip .
1	stayed here recently and honestly it was a very pleasant stay here .
1	thanks to my friend and her timeshare , place was pretty cheap !
1	great view from the pool on the roof .
1	this is a great location , basically right on the strip .
1	so all in all polo towers is a good location and good amenities .
1	very satisfied with my stay .
1	hotel was very clean .
1	our room was really nice and clean .
1	my son and i stayed for _num_ nights and had a wonderful experience .
1	such an amazing hotel !
1	everything so clean and just well put !
1	the rooms are beautiful and clean .
1	everything is outstanding .
1	our city view room , full kitchen , and hotel rooftop pool was superb .
1	it has a great location and the prices are good .
1	this place gets four stars for value only .
1	the breakfast buffet was very good .
1	my favorite hotel to stay at .
1	great stay , very comfortable beds , and equally well kept bathrooms .
1	this place is perfect .
1	i love the family friendly atmosphere .
1	i love those rooms !
1	me - `` oh , it 's okay .
1	i even got a couple of coupons for free drinks and games .
1	but great for people with no kids as well .
1	we saw the tournament of the kings show and it was pretty neat too .
1	got good rate by internet .
1	so if you have kids that love to swim , stay here .
1	if the price is right , i will stay here again .
1	stayed here in november and it was pretty good .
1	service was great .
1	this place is perfectly fine .
1	small , but clean .
1	it 's pretty far from the good part of the strip though .
1	but it is good til the next day .
1	i just came back from a four day trip .
1	i recently stayed here and it was great .
1	good hotel for the budget conscious .
1	lots of slots and a few tables .
1	i was pleasantly surprised .
1	huge tv , comfortable room and comfortable bed .
1	the room was nice and we had a great view of the strip .
1	it made the trip and we will definitely be staying there again .
1	fabulous !
1	super affordable , and just enough .
1	stayed here for a friday and saturday night - and had a great time !
1	the lady at reception was really nice and informative .
1	had a great stay .
1	huge shower , bathroom , great beds .
1	great location .
1	otherwise a great hotel !
1	house keeping did a great job to .
1	the outside is lit up and very cool .
1	great big room .
1	for the money , it was an excellent value .
1	for the money , it gets no better !
1	i really wished they carried blue moon .
1	i loved it .
1	very clean and comfy rooms .
1	this has always been my home away from home .
1	i loved this place !
1	it was awesome !
1	it is also in a great location on the strip .
1	the wide screen tower rooms are worth an extra $ 20-30 .
1	cool view that over looks primarily mgm and new york new york .
1	we had a decently nice view of the strip !
1	it actually turned out wonderful !
1	there is a tram that will take you to the excalibur and mandalay bay .
1	the shows are fun and the downstairs game area is a blast for sure .
1	this hotel is family friendly and we would stay here again .
1	we ate at the italian restaurant and it was delicious !
1	liked the adult only area and enjoyed the hot tubs .
1	it was at this hotel that i discovered my love for coffee .
1	the room was wonderful , the bathroom was wonderful , and the tv worked .
1	great value for a large clean room !
1	i loved the food court and the pool .
1	the beds were really comfortable !
1	i stayed twice at the excalibur and both times everything was perfect !
1	nice staff , comfortable room , great location and unbeatable price !
1	good price for the strip .
1	overall good experience .
1	the staff is friendly .
1	they gave us free good and drinks and free entry to the clubs .
1	i 'll stay here every time !
1	express checkout was easy and quick .
1	my husband & i loved the hotel !
1	definitely coming back to this hotel .
1	the casino was also well kept and most staff were friendly .
1	enjoy !
1	wow is all i can say .
1	the pool area was great actually , especially for morning coffee and a paper .
1	i would definitely stay again , and probably will again next year .
1	loved the show !
1	it is actually the largest food court on the strip today .
1	we had a great view of the strip as well .
1	overall , i liked it .
1	i was surprised to see that the room was really nice .
1	the cocktail waitresses were nice and always their refilling our drinks .
1	all in all a good time .
1	the rooms were big and we had a great view of the strip .
1	the food options were good for us .
1	all the staff were great , supper service .
1	clean well run .
1	everything else was great .
1	book early on and get great pricing .
1	i had a wonderful stay here .
1	really cheap prices with really great service !
1	my next vegas trip i 'll definitely be staying here again .
1	every department is managed to the tee .
1	: great management !
1	helpful staff and the room was in great condition .
1	while old , they were still very clean and well maintained .
1	the pit boss ' and dealer 's are great !
1	super friendly !
1	excellent buffet with great service .
1	the food options were amazing .
1	great hotel !
1	the spa was amazing and they have fantastic deals .
1	well worth every penny i spent !
1	room is great , does n't smell like smoke and got a strip view .
1	my girlfriend loved the jacuzzi it was huge .
1	i had an amazing view of new york new york n the strip .
1	for me it was a really good room .
1	the hotel is old but its very clean .
1	i recommend staying at the excalibur and will return for our future visit .
1	it 's very bright and easy to navigate .
1	the customer service here is exceptional as compared to its sister casinos .
1	great hospitality kathy !
1	great location and convenient with the tram to mandalay bay .
1	wifi works great !
1	loved the crepes .
1	thank you both for your service .
1	everyone had a great time and more than enough food to eat .
1	thank you buca staff for making my mom 's day special !
1	overall it was a great stay for an affordable price .
1	it 's great for families , especially the pool .
1	kids will love the pool with the slides .
1	kind of on the edge of the strip .
1	for families on a budget this place is great in my opinion .
1	other than that , great customer service downstairs !
1	bathroom super nice , like brand new .
1	smells nice .
1	i was very satisfied with everything .
1	it was n't bad .
1	mahalo for a fun time .
1	& we took home a lot of money !
1	i enjoy this hotel and this is my second or third stay .
1	i recommend this hotel to all friends and family .
1	we were very happy with our room and what we paid for it .
1	my friend said the buffet here is really good .
1	room was clean and nice .
1	it was quiet with very nice staff .
1	a good place to stay !
1	starbucks , subway , a burger place , and shops were all i needed .
1	they have great customer service .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	hotel was clean and staff was very nice .
1	just looked a little funny with nice upgrades .
1	and each interaction i had with the hotel staff was friendly and proactive .
1	thanks excalibur for the amazing stay .
1	this is a decent place for a decent price !
1	it is also one of the cheaper hotels on the strip .
1	i pretty much picked the excalibur based on location and price .
1	i 'm very happy with my choice .
1	i love going to vegas to get out have a good time and explore .
1	i for one enjoyed this place .
1	great buffet .
1	i really enjoyed the service and the food was fresh and inviting .
1	we took a chance and had a great experience .
1	our overall stay was great .
1	there are plenty of places to eat and shop .
1	we had a very fun time .
1	in general , rooms are nice and clean .
1	best souvenir i 've ever brought back from vegas !
1	but it was a little more fun doing it our way .
1	first quality roofing does have good customer service and customer satisfaction .
1	i am a happy customer and will recommend this company to anyone .
1	the clerk was really friendly and nice .
1	i saved a few bucks !
1	i 'm a huge fan of cvs .
1	i was pleasantly surprised when i walked in and saw fresh groceries .
1	take your time and pick something for yourself or friends & family !
1	well stocked because they know the tourists are coming .
1	seriously the biggest cvs i 've ever seen .
1	they carry a lot of products .
1	good sales .
1	it 's a big cvs .
1	one of my fav spots in vegas !
1	definitely a spot to visit while in vegas .
1	it was a life saver for us .
1	she has a great positive attitude and is always friendly .
1	really nice layout and everything is new and updated .
1	overall a fine experience at this cvs .
1	this cvs is big and very convenient to tourists .
1	the international food court is a good choice .
1	she was lovely and cheerful .
1	i think this is really great !
1	facility was very comfortable given the size of the crowd .
1	good location .
1	so top marks for that .
1	just take a cab and you 'll be fine .
1	this place is massive !
1	give yourself an extra day .
1	the venue is very open and pretty large .
1	the convention center itself is pretty huge .
1	it 's in a great location so it 's easy to get to .
1	nice place , but they desperately need more places to eat .
1	the interior is very well kept .
1	probably the biggest convention center i 've ever seen .
1	i felt like a teenage girl in the front row !
1	bond and his nurse practitioner are both wonderful .
1	that 's perfect cause kids get sick unexpectedly .
1	the office is clean and conveniently located .
1	i always thought their fries were good .
1	i love this place !
1	beer is also very good and they have great prices during happy hour .
1	i love bbq and this was definitely up there .
1	that was great .
1	however they made up for it with the delicious long island i ordered after .
1	i left this place a happy guy !
1	it is always crowded in here during lunch time .
1	everything was good including the beer of course .
1	my girl friend really liked the fried fish .
1	good food and beer .
1	business meeting was a success and we all left happy and satisfied .
1	awesome !
1	wow .
1	superb atmosphere and a great place to catch a game with well placed tvs .
1	the restaurant had clients but the service was prompt and with good quality .
1	i 've been there before and enjoyed it .
1	the burger was great too !
1	and the brownie was the best i 'd ever had !
1	so good , great service .
1	squash , pasta , pecans , pesto sauce and roma tomatoes and beyond wonderful .
1	our waitress helped us immediately with ordering our drinks .
1	very good flavor and the ahi was really tender and full seared perfectly .
1	service was good .
1	close to my office which really helps as well .
1	service is always awsome !
1	we enjoyed the food and the overall experience .
1	i went here with friends and family after having just moved here .
1	the atmosphere was great and they had good beer and cocktails .
1	priced very well and the portions are great too !
1	service was excellent .
1	check it out .
1	happy hour is from 5pm to 7pm worth the trip .
1	even the garlic spinach was delicious .
1	he is extremely friendly and is very attentive .
1	but were very pleased with the food !
1	will definitely return !
1	good variety .
1	i was pleased with everything i ate .
1	started with the ahi app and it was seriously delicious and a little spicey .
1	the garlic fries is really amazing !
1	ample parking with a good view of the residence inn by marriott .
1	went on a sunday and had a great live band playing .
1	garlic fries are the best !
1	definitely come here again .
1	we all tried different dishes and everyone was very happy .
1	this time i ordered the goat cheese bruchetta and it was really good too .
1	it 's really great !
1	i highly recommend this place , service and food was perfect !
1	wide selection that should have something for everyone .
1	if you 're in town , give it a try !
1	service was great and so was the food .
1	definitely recommend this place !
1	great beer and great food with a fun and classy atmosphere .
1	she knew when to come by and when to let us enjoy our food .
1	now the food was also great and we would eat here again .
1	both were excellent .
1	we really enjoyed the outdoor seating .
1	my absolute favorite beer !
1	the hefeweizen is the best !
1	these guys have nailed perfection .
1	the food was excellent and timely .
1	this place is amazing on sunday .
1	a feel good atmosphere .
1	best burger i 've had in quite a while .
1	even the vegetables that were served were outstanding .
1	my wife 's fish and chips were outstanding also .
1	we enjoyed happy hour and the beef sliders were awesome .
1	their house beer is fairly good and their happy hour specials are excellent !
1	definitely a great happy hour place in las vegas .
1	still , its probably delicious .
1	been there many times its good good good stuff .
1	delicious and greasy just how i like it !
1	seriously it surprised me !
1	the pizza is worth it and probably cheaper than other places on the strip .
1	this place is good .
1	i love my pizza 's crispy .
1	i always have them extra well done which comes out perfect for my tasting .
1	get the metro well worth it .
1	take it into bar and enjoy with a beer .
1	in ellis island casino where people watching is a special treat .
1	the best pizza in town !
1	great pizza , but get it hot right out of the oven !
1	the first visit , the pizza was still incredible .
1	they deliver too !
1	this place is so amazing .
1	love to get delivery .
1	try their sausage , amazing .
1	metro pizza is always awesome !
1	good pizza while staying in las vegas and excellent price .
1	best pizza especially when they have the special going on .
1	i loved this store , but it was a little pricey .
1	my sales guy chris was fantastic .
1	great place to stay !
1	i will be back again soon !
1	the decor is warm and comfy .
1	sundays are the best .
1	this place made me extremely happy .
1	great looking shoes , mostly 3-4 inch heels which i love .
1	totally recommend this place .
1	this location is closed !
1	we did and it was pretty fun .
1	it was fun and scary .
1	two things i love !
1	so good.
1	i love it .
1	had a lot of fun here !
1	make sure to bring a camera .
1	really enjoyed my stop here !
1	its true .
1	fun !
1	it was ridiculously fun .
1	i love this place !
1	) .
1	it 's easy to find , right off the strip .
1	and that was very cool .
1	but yeah its neat .
1	some wax that looks really good !
1	fun !
1	put fresh batteries in your camera first !
1	this place is awesome !
1	i loved the fact that we could take pictures in there .
1	so fun .
1	some figures were spot on and some had me guessing ... .
1	a cool ( really ! )
1	the bigger your sense of humor , the more fun you will have .
1	this place was so fun !
1	overall , very fun place , do n't forget your camera !
1	this place has a great presentation .
1	saved us money !
1	we really enjoyed ourselves at madame tussauds .
1	best .
1	you tourists sure are funny !
1	nice try .
1	pretty decent .
1	i am a huge fan of wax museums !
1	i loved this place !
1	it 's just amazing what they can do with wax .
1	this place made for a fun afternoon with friends .
1	you are encouraged to take photos and touch the statues .
1	very enjoyable .
1	love it !
1	definitely worth visiting .
1	and surprisingly , they were incredibly realistic !
1	it was so much fun !
1	it was a nice rest from being outside all day .
1	great place to escape the heat too .
1	theres a wide range of characters as well , so something for everyone .
1	a fun little place .
1	we did it , and people were actually screaming !
1	madame tussauds was a cool experience .
1	overall a fun time was had and we will definitely go again .
1	this place is awesome !
1	pretty amazing .
1	great exhibit .
1	thanks !
1	i love this place !
1	its so awesome !
1	i had a great time here !
1	the detail was incredible !
1	it was very cool that they allow you to touch the figures .
1	they even have costumes and props you can put on to take fun photos .
1	the wax figures were on point and the interactive sections were a nice touch .
1	that was pretty cool .
1	pretty cool .
1	they honestly look that real .
1	this place is awesome .
1	amazing !
1	great break from the heat .
1	take lots of pictures and have a great time .
1	every time we visit it 's a new experience .
1	madame tussauds is a great entertainment option for adults and families with older kids .
1	it is easy to access from the venetian hotel on the strip .
1	we enjoyed it very much .
1	so much fun !
1	the quality of the wax figures was wonderful .
1	i always enjoy going to the wax museum .
1	this place is really cool .
1	highly recommend it .
1	we had such a good time here !
1	so much fun !
1	one can actually take pictures with the wax figures !
1	one of good vegas attraction finds for everyone to enjoy !
1	this ended up being a lot of fun for us .
1	they win !
1	i always enjoy going to wax museums .
1	decent price .
1	they all look so real !
1	superior quality wax figures .
1	got to take pictures with stars !
1	happy yelping !
1	it was great !
1	definitely one of the highlights of my trip to vegas .
1	i absolutely loved madame tussauds !
1	this was amazing .
1	the catered event had lots of fun foods to try as well as karaoke .
1	which was pretty cool .
1	the owners are super cool .
1	the service was fast and friendly as well .
1	probably so good its comparable to homemade filipino food from my in laws .
1	needed a cool refreshing snack after doing a small hike .
1	it had the right amount of everything and looked and tasted fresh .
1	it 's fresh unlike many others in socal .
1	we came for breakfast and loved it .
1	there is a bakery and everything is so yummy !
1	hot tea came with lemon and honey so that was really nice .
1	i found perfect princess cut diamonds as they were in my building .
1	amazing customer service !
1	its so addicting !
1	: ) the latest styles and reasonable prices !
1	i love these shoes .
1	a classic in las vegas , has been here for years .
1	yelp helped me find the place for a business meeting , everyone loved it .
1	it was a very nice place .
1	the steak was cooked perfect ( medium rare ) and the service was great .
1	if you are in las vegas , treat yourself to this las vegas landmark .
1	said it 's a `` reasonable '' italian place with great food .
1	with that said , that was some good italian food .
1	excellent !
1	we came here for dinner during restaurant week and had a great experience .
1	the steak was perfect , flavorful , tender , and delicious .
1	this place is great !
1	it 's a very warm atmosphere and i highly recommend it .
1	fabulous italian food , and wonderful old vegas ambience .
1	it 's totally worth it & i left full !
1	the finest restaurant i have eaten at in las vegas .
1	this place is a classic , and the food is excellent .
1	so wonderful .
1	i love this place .
1	it is one of my favorite locations to eat at .
1	excellent food and service .
1	cheesecake and creme brle were executed extremely well .
1	i ate the most amazing set of crab claws from florida .
1	but all in all a wonderful dining experience .
1	live singer performers on the weekend too .
1	we went here for the 2nd time last night and everything was great !
1	the food at this place is awesome !
1	will for sure return when i 'm back in town for business !
1	it 's pricey but worth every penny .
1	simply the best !
1	old world charm and delicious food .
1	great food , atmosphere and service .
1	real , authentic italian cuisine .
1	it was so delicious !
1	i highly recommend it !
1	1st off , the history of this place alone is worth the visit .
1	very tasty menu top to bottom .
1	the dessert menu was superb .
1	wow !
1	love this place .
1	one of the best kept secrets in vegas .
1	food was great , especially the osso buco .
1	exceptional .
1	and the food ... omg so on point !
1	this place was outstanding .
1	amazing simply amazing .
1	the wait staff is professional and courteous .
1	amazing !
1	my meal was great !
1	he loved it .
1	best food i had in vegas my whole trip .
1	the food and customer service was beyond top notch .
1	we will definitely be coming back !
1	all of their food is fantastic and you 'll enjoy a fine dining experience .
1	i highly recommend it !
1	great wine list !
1	from the bar to our table everything was perfect !
1	if you are in vegas this place is a must .
1	everything was great .
1	really cool atmosphere .
1	will definitely make it back there again .
1	i wish them all my best !
1	god bless !
1	awesome dinner and service .
1	honestly i fell in love with our host .
1	you meet wonderful people of every age .
1	excellent restaurant .
1	unbelievable !
1	excellent food .
1	must visit local spot in vegas !
1	authentic italian experience !
1	will definitely be coming back !
1	great martini 's , great food and great atmosphere !
1	my partner had the standard caesar and enjoyed it as well .
1	i thoroughly enjoyed the ambience and food and will definitely return .
1	great food , friendly atmosphere and the bartender bruce was super .
1	in vegas !
1	great atmosphere !
1	perfect for a large gathering or romantic dinner date in a comfy corner booth .
1	amazing food , service is friendly .
1	the bar is impressive ask bruce to mix you a drink !
1	tip - mix the hurricane and the _num_ for a tasty treat !
1	how many `` bars '' can have that honor ?
1	good drinks that are strong and priced right for vegas .
1	right !
1	a great vegas find !
1	we always bring our friends here when they come to visit vegas .
1	ahh , fat tuesday ... the best way to start your day in vegas .
1	good times .
1	it 's become a tradition to get a _num_ octane with an extra shot .
1	yes please .
1	yeah !
1	soo yummy !
1	highly recommended and a must have for every vegas trip i take !
1	_num_ octane and hurricane together are great .
1	you will forever have a place in my heart .
1	awesome !
1	sorta strong .
1	but it does the job .
1	it is a must go to when i hit up vegas !
1	loved the test tube !
1	i love this place !
1	love it !
1	mall shopping is fun with drink in hand !
1	the guy was really nice .
1	the extra shot is just $ _num_ and definitely worth it .
1	fat tuesday definitely gives you your money 's worth .
1	i got the _num_ octane with an extra shot .
1	it tasted phenomenal , and i could barely taste the liquor .
1	the bartender was super friendly as well .
1	awesome !
1	i recommend the cat _num_ hurricane with an extra shot for $ _num_ .
1	_num_ hurricane with an extra shot .
1	what a steal !
1	a half yard with strawberry margarita or pina colada with an extra shot please .
1	the drink is n't strong , but it tastes really good .
1	it 's everywhere on the strip .
1	big fan of this place !
1	they loved it !
1	this is our vegas fuel !
1	check out the one also in the mgm .
1	always get the extra shot ... so worth it .
1	jello shots are fun , too .
1	so , yay for fun bartenders .
1	oh yeah !
1	the coupon is great for refills !
1	so good !
1	i 'm giving them four stars because it tasted good and was reasonably priced .
1	good times .
1	i noticed that all the frozen drink places do this !
1	i certainly do .
1	their drinks are fun , strong , and tasty .
1	i got the mango and also the strawberry .
1	loved this place .
1	worth it to me !
1	i like it !
1	this is the spot !
1	best deal on drinks you will find in las vegas .
1	wow .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	will most definitely be back again .
1	yum and strong at the same time .
1	for a decent price , i got fairly buzzed off the margaritas .
1	an extra shot , yes please !
1	my favorite : bellini !
1	i do n't remember what flavor it was exactly ... just fruity and delicious .
1	i am sure the other flavors are great as well .
1	always my first stop in vegas to get properly started !
1	great prices compared to some of the places in hotel pool areas .
1	i prefer the mango or pina colada one !
1	they have the best alcoholic beverages ever !
1	i love this place .
1	both were excellent in service and quality .
1	i definitely had one more shot , hahaha .
1	yeah !
1	amazing !
1	amazing .
1	it is seriously the greatest companion when walking around vegas strip .
1	definitely one of the more touristy things about vegas .
1	the price is decent too .
1	always get the extra shot and feel free to mix flavors .
1	i always get the tall cup one .
1	it 's fun holding it sharing with friends .
1	a vegas staple !
1	it 's soooo good , so good once it touches your lips .
1	fat tuesday , you are freaking delicious .
1	love it !
1	we actually bought a whole bottle of cake vodka from the manager there .
1	the best part was we shared it !
1	you can even add one extra shot of alcohol for only $ _num_ !
1	happy drinking !
1	they let you sample the drinks before purchasing and the staff is super friendly !
1	came here last year after my boyfriends sister suggested it .
1	extremely strong and delicious drinks .
1	buy a drink and pour some extra vodka on the top .
1	next time i go i might try something new !
1	either way it does the body right !
1	i get one of these a day during every vegas trip !
1	love it and cant wait to go back to pay them a visit !
1	one of my favorite places since moving to vegas .
1	fat tuesday is always great in the summer !
1	these lil things r strong !
1	i love this !
1	love this place !
1	definitely check it out whenever you see one .
1	loooove it !
1	best spot before hitting up the clubs .
1	had a good time tho great people and tall size drinks .
1	fat tuesday seemed like the best place to go !
1	the drinks have such good combinations and offer free samples to taste the flavors .
1	i absolutely love fat tuesday !
1	the yard dog was the perfect size .
1	you 'll thank yourself for doing it .
1	i mixed the margarita and mango and that was good .
1	let me tell you , it was strong but the flavor was so good !
1	i got the _num_ octane with one shot and it was good .
1	always the `` best of the best '' regarding booze !
1	friendly service and my drink was good !
1	great memories .
1	_num_ of us each got one of these .
1	this place will make for a great night in vegas .
1	huge drinks for a reasonable price .
1	i love the mix and match the flavors .
1	the drinks can be pretty strong depending what you get .
1	the food is good and totally authentic .
1	the service is totally fast and friendly .
1	the best corned beef hash i 've ever had and the bagels , amazing .
1	great black and white cookies and we picked up some pastrami for the road .
1	my pastrami rueben was fantastic .
1	i got the jalapeno bagel with butter , and it was super delicious !
1	it was hot , perfectly toasted and yummy .
1	the service was fast and friendly .
1	it 's just the best .
1	the serving was gigantic and easily shared .
1	just come here to get a great bagel .
1	salami and egg breakfast was excellent .
1	bagels are top notch .
1	lunch was excellent also .
1	fresh bagels .
1	fun dive !
1	the bagel was great and the amount of lox they put on is yum !
1	loved this restaurant !
1	it is very reasonable .
1	a great place for breakfast .
1	this is a true new york style deli .
1	amazing food .
1	the bagels fresh and flavorful .
1	def try breakfast here and the bagels are the best in town !
1	i l 've only had a bagel sandwich but it 's wonderful !
1	great stop for breakfast !
1	it was delicious and had huge chunks of fresh salmon in the spread .
1	he loved his too !
1	everyone was nice and i was very happy with the super friendly customer service .
1	service is great , food excellent , prices are right .
1	still great breakfast and good value in a sketchy shopping strip .
1	easily best bagels and lox in vegas .
1	nothing will satisfy but the real thing .
1	really enjoy coming here for breakfast !
1	the food is excellent .
1	great service , fresh bagels , great prices .
1	come here and take a refreshing break from the strip .
1	great lox , cookies , cream cheeses and of course , bagels .
1	this is an every friday morning treat for us .
1	great service great deli counter cooks .
1	everything always fresh and made to order .
1	each time we come to vegas , this is a must .
1	fantastic bagels !
1	the food is always fresh and of quality .
1	it has such great breakfast the bagels seem homemade and everything was incredible .
1	stuck in time perfectly .
1	they have excellent breakfast too .
1	the service is good and the servers are always friendly .
1	overall this is an excellent place for bagels and breakfast .
1	it 's just a good place serving good food .
1	great food , friendly people .
1	awesome place ... .
1	soooo underrated !
1	we love this place and we highly recommend to everyone !
1	service was friendly and quick and we will be back soon .
1	the staff is super friendly too .
1	old school vegas that has incredible bagels .
1	would definitely recommend it .
1	they seemed genuinely happy to have my business and chatted pleasantly .
1	lol i totally recommend .
1	they were so sweet and funny .
1	sangria but enjoyed a number of delights .
1	this was my favorite meal in vegas .
1	i would certainly eat here again .
1	the tomato soup is fabulous .
1	came here for a friend 's bday celebration this weekend .
1	with excellent service and reasonable prices .
1	they make a pretty good mojito .
1	great little people watching spot to boot .
1	a great find in the land of corporate dining .
1	this is vegas , they 're everywhere !
1	very diverse crowd , everyone having fun and enjoying the food and music .
1	this place is definitely one of the best local favorites in vegas .
1	and the service was great too .
1	even they looked like they enjoyed working the place .
1	liked the mojitos !
1	cool spot .
1	good vibe and buzz .
1	but everything is pretty good .
1	fun crowd , great waiter .
1	i 'll definitely go back when in vegas next time !
1	the place was small , and intimate and allowed you to socialize with friends .
1	i will definitely be back !
1	highly recommended .
1	the food was great , and the prices were even better .
1	this place is great .
1	reservations are a must as the place fills up with mostly the younger crowd .
1	go for drinks , for outdoor sitting , for good talks and good food .
1	with their reasonable price , friendly waitress and tasty food .
1	absolutely want to go back and try something else .
1	this restaurant has a very hit and trendy environment .
1	it was my first time having sparkling wine sangria .
1	all were very good .
1	i love this place !
1	it was nice to eat somewhere off the strip !
1	loved the petite filet ... great deal for $ _num_ .
1	the sangria is phenomenal and strong .
1	this place has delish tapas !
1	and they have awesome sangria !
1	the sangria was crisp , fruity and tasty .
1	the tapas platters were all each very good .
1	the tapas were great with many variety .
1	everything was great !
1	great flavors .
1	i loved loved loved the little brie sandwiches with the tomato soup .
1	i will definitely eat here again next time i 'm in sin city .
1	french fries were good as well as their red sangria !
1	the food here was delicious .
1	everything came out really quick , and the sangria was amazing .
1	this place is very good .
1	also , the sangria is quite tasty .
1	great restaurant !
1	what a cool place .
1	great people watching for sure .
1	get a pitcher and share it with your friends .
1	i highly recommend the dates , empanadas , and chorizo stuffed mushrooms !
1	wow ... the food was fantastic .
1	such a great hand out place off the strip .
1	the food is always good , inexpensive and easy to get to .
1	check it out .
1	everything was pretty good and once again the prices were great .
1	a wide variety of choices to choose from .
1	some traditional tapas , some relatively unique .
1	on a nice night , ask to be seated outside .
1	delicious .
1	loved how the service did n't rush us .
1	everything we had was absolutely yummy .
1	i loved this place .
1	great beet salad and just an al around good time .
1	amazing .
1	i also recommend the house made infused vodka on the rocks .
1	love firefly !
1	good sangria and excellent tapas !
1	the quality is consistently very good and the service is quite good as well .
1	great service too .
1	its loud , dark and sexy .
1	i like this place and with the right company it is a blast .
1	not normally a tapas person but i was very pleasantly surprised by it .
1	this place has really good food period .
1	the tar tar was absolutely delicious i recommend that item first and foremost .
1	the stuffed dates are excellent and the mac & cheese is heaven .
1	holly mother of all that is awesome this place is great !
1	nothing but love for this place and it 's staff .
1	i also like the sparkling sangria ( the pitcher is a great deal ) .
1	their drink selection is quite special .
1	great prices and decent wine by the glass .
1	the atmosphere was cool and very red , and the food was delicious !
1	the portions were good , service was great .
1	it 's a combination on sweet and savory unlike any other !
1	my wife and i enjoyed the atmosphere and the food .
1	it 's a very popular spot for the locals .
1	thank god we did because we absolutely loved firefly on paradise !
1	i ended up drinking almost an entire pitcher last time i went !
1	it has a local feel that was a treasure in sin city .
1	this is one of the best ( somewhat ) hidden gems in las vegas .
1	and they 're great about accommodating large groups .
1	loved the stuffed dates !
1	the atmosphere was a refreshing change from all the hotel restaurants .
1	firefly was a good choice .
1	would recommend !
1	something as simple as the parmesan fries with aioli are amazing .
1	stuffed dates , yeah !
1	the food is so delicious and perfectly sized portions .
1	all the sangria 's are good and they will give you a good buzz .
1	i really like this place .
1	the bacon wrapped dates are amazing , the flavor combination is great .
1	i think the sauces for the dishes here are what really make them excellent .
1	very very good !
1	this place was great .
1	amazing .
1	the mojitos are delicious too and come by the pitcher if you want .
1	these guys are just of the strip and worth the trip .
1	perfect place to dine alone at the bar .
1	the tres leches chocolate cake is phenomenal !
1	excellent tapas restaurant with a spectacular view and reasonable prices !
1	awesome food .
1	cool music .
1	tapas and sangria ... yes please !
1	firefly has possibly the best sangria i 've had in my entire life !
1	loved this place .
1	they have the best sangria hands down .
1	wow ... .
1	appropriate decor but be a little better .
1	we also eat here on our way out of vegas .
1	you are amazing .
1	authentic , delicious , and above all affordable tapas off-strip in las vegas .
1	this place is amazing !
1	great food , wonderful prices .
1	i recommend to try everything in the menu .
1	wow the food was amazing the sliders !
1	the food was so good that i decided to start writing reviews on yelp .
1	the garlic shrimp was amazing !
1	i loved the pitchers of mojitos and sangria .
1	terrific tapas !
1	shrimp ceviche / tuna tartare were also very good .
1	my meal at firefly was the best in vegas by far .
1	- filet mignon sliders ( delicious ! )
1	this place is a must if you 're heading out to vegas .
1	also , our service rocked !
1	everything on their extensive tapas menu is great .
1	my favorites are the eggplant cannelloni and the dates .
1	everything is super yummy !
1	simply scrumptious !
1	i loved the tomato soup and grilled brie sandwich .
1	the thai beef salad and beef and mushroom skewers are always a must .
1	it 's a hip place with a good vibe and interesting people .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in vegas for sure !
1	the food was all very good and comes out quickly .
1	its great for large groups or a small date .
1	serious local hang .
1	absolutely and unbelievable experience .
1	their service was very quick and friendly .
1	every last thing we ordered was interesting and amazing .
1	just , amazing .
1	the artwork on the walls made for some great atmosphere as well !
1	very good tapas and great selection of adult beverages .
1	highly recommend !
1	the service was great and it was packed !
1	love it !
1	price wise , not bad well worth it .
1	good food and a great price !
1	red sangria is very nice with lots of apple in it .
1	great food at extremely reasonable prices !
1	the shrimp ceviche was fresh and yummy .
1	the sangria was pretty good too !
1	oh my goodness , do i ever love this place .
1	easy cab ride from the strip .
1	enjoy !
1	the food was n't necessarily phenomenal but all of the dishes were good .
1	we all ended up happy and stuffed .
1	that was the best part of dinner .
1	best item on the menu is the bacon wrapped fig .
1	also the mojito pitchers are delicious .
1	fantastically priced and portioned .
1	food is good not great .
1	the mojitos are excellent !
1	the firefly fries are always a hit when we bring people here .
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	the service was excellent as well .
1	there gluten free menu was very extensive and delicious !
1	very good with the octopus and lamb chops my favorites .
1	service was first rate .
1	our server was great & took excellent care of us .
1	they were perfect .
1	they were both perfect as well .
1	you can also check in early so you have a table waiting .
1	loved the dark red ambiance and lounge furniture .
1	love this place .
1	definitely a great place for spanish tapas off the strip .
1	awesome !
1	sangria was fantastic .
1	ambiance was wonderful - sat outside .
1	well worth the trip off the strip .
1	great drink selection including wines , great prices and good service !
1	it was our anniversary & we went here with a big group of friends .
1	great little off the strip place to check out .
1	just a good place to have a nice dinner .
1	my favorite were the dates and the chocolate cake .
1	so in short - we got a great value .
1	i loved almost everything that was served .
1	ambiance was trendy and romantic - great date spot .
1	wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside .
1	the bartenders are really nice and quick .
1	i love this place .
1	everything is super tasty and delicious .
1	the food was great !
1	best of the best in las vegas so far .
1	the sangria was also really good .
1	great service too .
1	the filet mignon sliders were delicious !
1	it 's great before going out .
1	good drink prices even if its not happy hour .
1	their sangria 's are delicious !
1	loved it definitely will go again soon !
1	tapas is not normally my thing , but this was quite enjoyable .
1	carlos , was great , helping us choose our tapas .
1	real tapas !
1	to top it all off , the service was great .
1	a little sweet but excellent .
1	great place !
1	this is the best spanish restaurant period !
1	get a pitcher of sangria or mojito to really make things fun .
1	loved it !
1	each dish was delightful , although the warm spinach salad was my least favorite .
1	one of our favorite spots in vegas !
1	the food and sparkling sangria are amazing !
1	even the bread and butter they bring out it good .
1	still , the tapas and sangria are great .
1	the food was delicious !
1	you might wait a while to get in but it 's worth it .
1	the sangria is also amazing .
1	super friendly staff and a great way to try a bunch of different dishes .
1	the service was excellent !
1	highly recommended .
1	highly recommended .
1	found out via other yelpers !
1	great place for tapas .
1	the atmosphere is awesome , with a young crowd and good vibes all around .
1	the food is reasonably priced and everything i have tried is amazing .
1	i 've come here for tapas for years now and still love it .
1	i absolutely adored this place .
1	the service was great .
1	it was a refreshing combination of flavors .
1	their sangria was also pretty amazing .
1	the food was so incredibly delicious .
1	the infused vodka martini was the winner of the night .
1	firefly did an outstanding job of serving up both items .
1	i love this place .
1	excellent food the tapas are amazing , none were bad .
1	firefly fries were pretty delicious too .
1	sweet n spicy shrimp tasted chinese .
1	this place was absolutely delicious !
1	i loved everything i ordered especially the mushroom thing !
1	it was soooo good !
1	super yummy tapas !
1	you 'll thank me later .
1	expect to come for a great time & delicious food & drinks .
1	we were in vegas for my birthday and a co-worker recommended this place .
1	our sever jesus greeted us right away and made some fantastic recommendations .
1	definitely will be back next time we are in town !
1	best tapas and best value !
1	came here twice so far .
1	we loved everything about firefly .
1	stuffed dates awesome ... .
1	the food was pretty good and the dishes were very unique .
1	i absolutely love firefly .
1	pitchers of sangria always make the mood more festive .
1	the bread they serve you before the meal is also yummy !
1	the service has been good to great every time i have been there .
1	awesome food , great people to meet and great sangria !
1	i love everything about firefly .
1	this is a place i am always up for going to .
1	easily one of my favorite places in town .
1	i love this place .
1	super yummy and affordable , with a great vibe .
1	so good !
1	a testament to it 's goodness !
1	i always love coming to this place .
1	love , love , love this place !
1	the food is good and reasonably priced .
1	looking forward to come back and i will bring more people !
1	food and service was great !
1	will defiantly be coming back !
1	great food and atmosphere !
1	loved it .
1	great food and nice staff .
1	hit up firefly is you want something different that wont cost you mega bucks .
1	they have the best mojitos & sangria .
1	the stuffed dates are really good !
1	excellent tapas .
1	the food was incredible !
1	recommended !
1	always packed but for good reason .
1	the service was great .
1	the food was alright , not amazing , but for sure a solid choice .
1	great prices , large menu , wonderful staff , etc .
1	this place was so good !
1	the service was fast so that always was a plus .
1	next time i will have to make sure to get here for happy hour .
1	the empanadas were very good and the dipping sauce even better .
1	yummy tapas for sure !
1	we had the flan which was very good .
1	- bacon wrapped dates are a must have !
1	and i like the sangria - just writing this makes me happy !
1	this place is mmm mmm good .
1	it is worth the drive off the strip .
1	everything is good , but i had the bacon wrapped dates which were amazing !
1	ah , this is the way to do it !
1	amazing food and sangria .
1	i loved this place !
1	i highly recommend .
1	totally worth going that mile off the strip .
1	delicious food !
1	wine glass was dirty , but service was superb .
1	sooooooo good .
1	great food .
1	great off the strip tapas restaurant .
1	both locations are amazing !
1	we will definitely be back to explore more of the menu !
1	so yeah , i ca n't recommend specific dishes because i like them all .
1	love the bacon wrapped dates and the mac and cheese really surprised me too .
1	i ca n't say enough about this restaurant .
1	it 's worth every minute .
1	sangria , tapas , paella !
1	try the steak and mushroom skewers , amazing !
1	first trip and first yelp , but highly impressed .
1	my group thoroughly enjoyed all our dishes , especially the bacon wrapped dates !
1	funny to see the last person who reviewed firefly is my brother !
1	always enjoy their tapas , love the stuffed dates and red sangria !
1	amazing food , this location it is always pretty packed so plan accordingly .
1	thank you fellow yelpers , you did good !
1	such a gem off the strip ; this place is awesome !
1	overall great experience -- we will definitely be back !
1	food is awesome and affordable for lv .
1	so good !
1	great place to have a good small portioned meal with a lady .
1	service was great as well .
1	love it !
1	great fun , & great food .
1	wow .
1	yummy food and tasty sangria !
1	the place is incredibly romantic .
1	this was a really fun place .
1	i loved it .
1	probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had in my life .
1	this place is awesome !
1	the food was spectacular and the service was above average .
1	super close to strip .
1	good prices .
1	definitely good for the younger crowd .
1	but the food was also really good !
1	i still like this place and it is the best tapas restaurant in town .
1	sometimes there 's a wait but that 's because it 's sooooo good !
1	order their mojitos , they 're so good .
1	firefly satisfied all , immensely .
1	anyway , at least the food was good !
1	he was consistently refilling and double checking that we were doing good .
1	great experience .
1	excellent , fairly affordable tapas in las vegas .
1	love , love , love this place .
1	it 's located in a strip mall and parking can be tight .
1	fantastic food , very reasonably priced .
1	highly recommend .
1	thank god we did !
1	what a great night out , we will be back !
1	we really like this place .
1	nice atmosphere & service .
1	great find in the area .
1	the food came out really fast and was packed with flavor .
1	it was perfect to share with a ton of variety .
1	i loved the food and drinks .
1	you have got to dance here .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
1	he was informative , kind , and attentive .
1	i also loved the shrimp with chili sauce ; lots of spice and flavor .
1	great food , cool atmosphere !
1	back in town , and made this my dinner stop .
1	but the dates were incredible .
1	the food is excellent , place is very nice and staff was very good .
1	love the tapas experience .
1	the tapas are delectable .
1	mojitos are very good .
1	the drinks were very good as well .
1	the food was very good .
1	great selection of small plates , tapas , always crowded .
1	everything i have ever eaten here has been delicious .
1	incredible .
1	eat it all !
1	service was great ; prompt & friendly .
1	great lively atmosphere .
1	our server was friendly and efficient .
1	this is one of my favorite restaurants in vegas .
1	always great service - quick service , and very friendly and attendant staff .
1	great food .
1	the bacon wrapped stuff dates are awesome !
1	more proof that you can wrap most anything in bacon !
1	we had great service , the bartenders were very attentive and friendly .
1	this is a great find for both locals and visitors .
1	the bacon wrapped dates are awesome !
1	one of my favorite places to eat .
1	such reasonable pricing for great food .
1	the portion is huge !
1	will make it back next time in town .
1	this place is fantastic !
1	luckily , since i had reserved a table i was seated right away .
1	pretty loud and super casual , lots of great menu options .
1	this place is always packed so i recommend making a reservation .
1	everything was fantastic !
1	i love it here !
1	i recommend you try their paella !
1	bacon wrapped dates !
1	was recommended by a friend who lives in vegas .
1	sangria smooth and tapas so good .
1	service was also great .
1	it 's a great place to start or end your evening .
1	everything was delicious .
1	firefly has such a high rating for a reason !
1	a local suggested this to me and i can see why !
1	service was excellent too .
1	good sign !
1	they also serve nice yummy mojitos by the pitcher .
1	needless to say that was a hit with the entire group !
1	outstanding !
1	everything we tried was fantastic .
1	loud but lively atmosphere .
1	highly recommend to all .
1	the new bathrooms were bigger and clean , food was excellent .
1	wow .
1	service is fantastic .
1	food is so fun and delicious .
1	i love tapas and this place had a great selection and atmosphere .
1	the flan was so good , we ordered another .
1	great , flavorful tapas .
1	this place is great .
1	all of it was amazing .
1	absolutely love this place .
1	great for a first date or friends from work !
1	love the decor and the ambiance .
1	especially love the one on paradise !
1	absolutely love this place !
1	the folks here were really nice and knowledgeable .
1	a time piece for everyone .
1	i settled on a black piece with blue and silver hands .
1	the staff also said happy birthday .
1	very helpful and attentive staff as a bonus .
1	the buffet was superb , although i was too hungover to fully enjoy it .
1	at $ _num_ and at a prime location , harrah 's is a steal .
1	the rooms were nice and comfy but the casino kicks ass .
1	the room was marvelous !
1	completely exceeded all expectations !
1	i was happy all right .
1	my new favorite game is let it ride with the _num_ card bonus .
1	overall , i enjoyed my stay .
1	value _num_ stars , they make us good offers that we ca n't refuse .
1	the rooms were nice , location was great .
1	great location but a smokey and old casino .
1	even their slot machines was fairly nice to me and my so .
1	nice rooms and huge casino .
1	great food .
1	i love going to vegas !
1	it was really nice though !
1	staff was very nice and accomodating .
1	for a college student this is a good place to kick it .
1	i think it 's ideal .
1	harrah 's is great !
1	you guys are awesome !
1	see ya for new years !
1	the rooms are nice enough , but with few amenities .
1	cool place , mellow .
1	nice work harrah 's we will be back for more .
1	the hotel was clean and pretty easy to navigate .
1	dinner at the oyster bar was fantastic !
1	absolutely would stay here again , one of the best deals on the strip !
1	its also a fun place to gamble slots seem pretty loose .
1	the rooms are clean and the staff is very friendly .
1	i love the pool here .
1	the best thing about this hotel is the location .
1	the partial view of the strip was nice .
1	rooms were really nice .
1	i liked this hotel !
1	the suite was awesome and my friends normal room was nice as well .
1	have always received exceptional service .
1	the casino was good as well .
1	this place is cool .
1	in regards to the piano bar , it is always fun .
1	as many of you know , tips get your favorite songs played faster .
1	the piano players were fun , and they knew ever song that was requested .
1	a great bang for your buck !
1	the twin sisters that play are awesome !
1	it was definitely pricey though !
1	good thing i found some good coupons on groupon .
1	the beer is cold and the bartenders are great !
1	every employee that we ran into was nice !
1	it 's right in the middle of the strip .
1	crab , prime rib , ribs ... yum !
1	first time staying here .
1	harrah 's is in a great location right in the heart of the strip .
1	the rooms are big and comfortable .
1	definitely better than the other rooms we had paid the same price for previously .
1	the staff was also super friendly and attentive .
1	the staff was incredible though .
1	very interactive and friendly nice atmosphere and loved the other guest !
1	this place only has one pool but it was a good one .
1	they sincerely apologized and refunded us about the situation we had to go through .
1	this is a very well maintained hotel .
1	it 's an older hotel on the strip but i love it !
1	it 's like home away from home .
1	i enjoyed everything !
1	my husband and i stayed here for three nights .
1	the location is perfect !
1	the hotel was great , i would return definitely !
1	love the table games here .
1	everyone was great and helpful !
1	overall , it was fine and is an ideal location on the strip .
1	rooms are clean .
1	staff is very friendly .
1	the hotel also has access to the monorail .
1	i love the location .
1	we loved how they blast you with cool air as you walk in .
1	the _num_ min craps were fun and a great deal .
1	_num_ card poker was also fun .
1	great store .
1	thank you !
1	the staff is great and quick at making my drinks .
1	came here last year and todd and john were spectacular .
1	best service and experience and would definitely stop by again !
1	thanks again dana !
1	best service , and more experienced workers too .
1	the restaurant is pretty .
1	started with the lettuce cups , a perfect light appetizer .
1	kudos wolfgang !
1	the chopped salad was delish and it made me feel good about ordering it .
1	the service is friendly and impeccable .
1	the meal was terrific .
1	everything down to the service , and bread were fantastic !
1	got the lobster salad , clean and crisp .
1	i enjoyed my experience here with my girlfriend .
1	thanks spago staff .
1	came here for lunch with my boyfriend .
1	my bf is n't even a salad person but he loved it .
1	i enjoyed eating lunch here .
1	food and service was great .
1	i especially liked their cranberry walnut bread .
1	all of which were exceptional ) .
1	i love this place .
1	this was my second time at this spago and it was fantastic .
1	this is a restaurant that is a must go to when in vegas !
1	i stopped by for lunch here and it was pretty good .
1	then ordered their creme brulee for dessert that looked great and tasted great .
1	never had it before and it was very tasty .
1	pretty much cleaned my plate .
1	and of course the bread that comes with it - yummy !
1	i thought everything was great !
1	great food .
1	this place has excellent food and the service was great as well .
1	every time we visit the forum , we will always stop by this place .
1	we both enjoyed the thin crust and liked how it was not really doughy .
1	the pizza here is awesome .
1	a place you can always count on to deliver .
1	and their bread basket is great !
1	probably one of the best places i have ever eaten at .
1	service was great .
1	it was the perfect dish for a tasty but light lunch .
1	perfectly executed and delicious .
1	its a great place to hang out with friends and family .
1	meatloaf is the best !
1	kinda cool in a vanilla sky kind of way .
1	couple people ordered a special salmon , which was great as well .
1	food there is good , service was good as well .
1	i 'm normally not a meatloaf person , but it was fantastic .
1	good service .
1	great ambiance also .
1	our service was prompt and unobtrusive .
1	spago is my new home away from home .
1	i 've had everything on the menu twice and recommend it all .
1	we got super lucky and got james as our waiter again !
1	service here is always spot on and much appreciated !
1	wolfgang 's restaraunt is great !
1	wow the chef menu was yummy the chef is even better .
1	the bread is good as well .
1	recommended for lunch .
1	spago at the forum shops is one of my favorite lunch destinations .
1	the kitchen prepared one for me and it was heaven !
1	delicious food and terrific service .
1	our waiter was great - extremely attentive .
1	had the best meatloaf of my life at this place .
1	i absolutely loved the presentation of the oysters .
1	big fan of wolfgang - he knows what people like and want to eat .
1	his pastas have incredible texture and the flavors are simply amazing .
1	it got to me .
1	he was so friendly and helpful .
1	wow .
1	so so good !
1	food , service , style , elegance , class .
1	maybe the best meal i have ever had .
1	great food and service .
1	highly recommend !
1	the food came in big portions and was delicious .
1	the bread they offer is delicious as well .
1	i loved my boyfriend 's food at spago .
1	i loved spago .
1	came here for lunch and enjoyed how fresh the food was .
1	fantastically good .
1	presentation is superb .
1	always tasty entrees and creative desserts .
1	please stay this fantastic .
1	love it for the chicken entree and pizza !
1	pretty good place to eat , perfect spot for people watching .
1	wow , super good !
1	it was delicious !
1	food was good .
1	enjoyed the lunch though and he picked up the bill !
1	we came for lunch & were very impressed !
1	spago is what makes vegas special .
1	great pizza , awesome service martini 's rock .
1	we ordered an amazing prosciutto pizza .
1	our servers were gracious and efficient .
1	the sliders were good as well as the calamari and sashimi .
1	very fresh and unique ingredients .
1	great place to try !
1	the oysters were fantastically fresh .
1	fresh veggies , meats and sauce all nearly perfectly balanced .
1	it 's a great menu with good service and a superb location .
1	my seabass was moist and buttery , just how i like it .
1	the pasta option i ordered for dinner was well done and damn tasty .
1	overall , it 's a great restaurant .
1	had a great time here !
1	superior service by james .
1	i had fresh pasta and it was perfect al dente .
1	i got steak and veggies both were very good .
1	always stop here in vegas !
1	awesome service at dinner .
1	this was some of the best food and service we 've ever received .
1	i was so impressed with each servers knowledge of the cuisine they were serving .
1	highly recommend .
1	lucky for us !
1	wife had prime rib quesadilla that was great !
1	also the bread service was awesome .
1	came here on a whim with my parents and girlfriend .
1	excellent .
1	simply amazing from service to plate .
1	food was delicious and ambiance sophisticated .
1	service was great and the food was an adventure .
1	well done , everyone !
1	i just love this place .
1	god , this place is still as great as ever .
1	my love for this place still remains strong .
1	what a great restaurant !
1	everything was great , in particular the chicken .
1	the service was attentive and the food arrived promptly and tasted delicious .
1	pricier dishes but definitely worth it in my opinion .
1	assortment of breads was nice .
1	food , bar , service and experience were all outstanding .
1	good mix of flavors but i would avoid the calamari .
1	service was excellent , and great people watching !
1	always excellent meals and great wine selection .
1	spago vegas is number one in our book !
1	amazing !
1	the presentation of the dishes looks fantastic .
1	definitely recommended for a fun girls night out !
1	service was good .
1	atmosphere was nice .
1	overall good time !
1	thanks again to the wait staff and the chef !
1	great job !
1	had nice sunday lunch .
1	all the food was tasty and fresh .
1	the dishes were very well seasoned and in good portions .
1	the lamb sandwich was over the top delicious .
1	the las vegas location was the first one i tried and i loved it !
1	the service was also very professional and enjoyable !
1	i loved this place .
1	it was delicious .
1	definitely nice for people watching .
1	it was the perfect dish .
1	the wine list is very reasonably priced , and the staff is wonderful .
1	loved our server .
1	the sauce base was the most flavorful i have ever tasted .
1	drinks were excellent as well .
1	they were delicious .
1	wine recommended by our server was perfect for our snack .
1	to top it all the service was great !
1	it 's still really nice .
1	we chose this place after reading yelp reviews and were very happy we did !
1	the food is always amazing , both for the eyes and the palate .
1	service was very good , got us in without reservations .
1	tuna tartar with sashimi was good , sea bass excellent .
1	service started out a bit spotty , but got better as we settle in .
1	the corn agnolotti pasta dish is soooo delicious .
1	fantastic dinner !
1	ingredients were very fresh and well presented .
1	this will go down as an all-time treat .
1	the staff was superb and the food was really good .
1	top with decadent dessert and irish coffee .
1	excellent food and service .
1	always excellent service and good food at a reasonable price .
1	wolfgang 's chinese take on chicken salad still is the best !
1	as for dessert , we ordered key lime , light yet satisfying .
1	definitely recommend !
1	still good food , good service , good location , good time !
1	fabulous top notch service , we were even given a local 's discount .
1	excellent food !
1	started us off with a nice basket of assorted breads and biscuits .
1	the variety was a nice touch .
1	tenderloin was superb , as was the tuna .
1	excellent meal and service .
1	it was worth it .
1	our first time and spago lives up to it 's reputation !
1	duck was wonderful and cooked to perfection .
1	my tuna was seared perfectly leaving the inside a tender sashimi .
1	i like that they have two different menus .
1	our food was pretty good .
1	food , bar , service and experience were all outstanding .
1	great food !
1	the bread was really good too .
1	the service was over the top !
1	really attentive staff , incredible food !
1	i had tuna tartar and it was the best i 've ever had .
1	the plate was elegant and tons of attention to detail .
1	the food was good and the waitress was really attentive .
1	it was a good experience .
1	the service is impeccable , the food is wonderful , and the decor elegant .
1	this meal , was just amazing .
1	service was perfect , food was perfect .
1	i will have sweets dreams of all these amazing flavors .
1	i love this place !
1	service was excellent .
1	spago is always one of the best ... .
1	delicious food .
1	the service is outstanding !
1	it was good , what you would expect .
1	it was possibly the best prepared duck breast i 've ever had anywhere .
1	had a fantastic lunch here .
1	it was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of fresh mozzarella cheese .
1	highly recommend it !
1	service was 1st class .
1	when back in vegas , we will definitely dine here again .
1	overall : spago offers a great lunch and is definitely worth visiting .
1	love love the food here !
1	the sauce was so good !
1	i also tried what my friends had ordered and everything was tasty !
1	we loved spago .
1	so happy we chose it as one of our dinner spots .
1	the service was great and so were the drinks .
1	a pleasure from start to finish .
1	the anniversary menu was a real blast from the past .
1	retro menu and prices to match .
1	both were the perfect ending to our evening .
1	there falafel and calamari were so delicious and fresh .
1	fantastic food .
1	service i was adequate .
1	by far one of the best lunch places i have been to .
1	the menu is not extensive but it is very delicious .
1	the service is so good at spago .
1	the salad is the best chinese chicken salad that you will eat .
1	spago is one of the best reasonably priced restaurants in las vegas .
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	some of the best eats i have had .
1	everything was delicious and the service was good .
1	i would highly recommend it .
1	the food and service is always impeccable .
1	the food as expected is superb .
1	we had a wonderful meal at spago in the forum shops at caesars palace .
1	karen provided amazing service .
1	great service .
1	we truly enjoyed this restaurant and i hope you do too .
1	always great food when i 'm in vegas .
1	absolutely amazing !
1	the food and the service were excellent !
1	we stopped here for lunch , and it was great .
1	excellent pizza .
1	perfect crust and just the right size .
1	my boyfriend had the spaghetti and he loved it as well .
1	wow !
1	sooo good !
1	love the service here .
1	food is delicious .
1	one pizza is good enough for two .
1	both were fantastic .
1	overall though a great dinning experience and we would eat here again .
1	the pizza was good but not great .
1	highly recommend and def have the martini !
1	food is great !
1	nice location !
1	we chose the seasonal tasting menu and were so impressed .
1	chef eric came out and spoke with us and checked on us between courses .
1	i highly recommend spago and encourage you to get the tasting menu .
1	best meal in vegas along with excellent service .
1	the food was great !
1	everyone 's food on the table was great .
1	very tasty duck entree .
1	service for good for the big group i was with .
1	well made drinks .
1	leave a bit of room for dessert as the pastry chef is amazing !
1	every bite more impressive than the last .
1	the pizza was cooked perfectly .
1	perfect amount of sauce .
1	my friends liked their dishes as well .
1	good atmosphere even though it is technically in a busy mall .
1	the food is always consistent and the service is always great .
1	this time we had the pepperoni and it was really great !
1	good to go !
1	food was simply amazing .
1	staff wonderful .
1	spago was great .
1	great service .
1	the best and freshest food i 've ever had !
1	the service was pretty good .
1	all in all , a good experience .
1	great bolognese and good atmosphere for people watching !
1	salads , pizza and pasta are all good .
1	excellent lunch .
1	bolognese pasta excellent .
1	love love this place .
1	great old fashioned .
1	ambiance was nice and the people watching was terrific .
1	the food is delicious .
1	great location .
1	just the right portion size .
1	good service .
1	delicious food .
1	service was excellent .
1	highly recommended !
1	service is always the best here .
1	was crispy and amazing .
1	but if you want some quite time the interior seating is best .
1	i ate here and it was amazing !
1	service , atmosphere - awesome .
1	the steak itself is small and very flavorful .
1	i ordered the calamari for a starter and it was tasty .
1	and worth it to add shrimp .
1	i enjoyed the ambience , service and most importantly , the italian food .
1	both were the best i 've ever had .
1	he 's also really nice .
1	they were delicious too .
1	the service was phenomenal .
1	both were fresh and tasty .
1	good for a date or special occasion , or for mildly adventurous foodies .
1	damn , i wish i had one right now .
1	sales people here are fabulous !
1	i was so happy to get the good news from them .
1	every worker was engaged with customers and having fun with their job .
1	this gucci is a nice one with good selection .
1	they take time with you to find what you 're looking for .
1	gucci this , gucci that !
1	you and your staff have helped our smiles remain beautiful .
1	highly recommended !
1	nice filipino assistant that was easy on the eyes .
1	i would recommend to anybody i know .
1	large space , clean & well kept .
1	love , love love this mac pro store !
1	my wife pretty much buys all her makeup from mac .
1	i 'm a girl i like makeup and i love me some mac products !
1	my girl was amazing and understood what i wanted .
1	my cousin 's looked gorgeous too !
1	the job she did was outstanding .
1	gorgeous !
1	got my makeup done for a wedding .
1	i loved it !
1	he was very efficient and knowledgeable and made my experience great .
1	ask for oscar , he is so sweet and knowledgeable !
1	she is very talented and very personable .
1	go see cody !
1	went above and beyond to make sure i looked hot and flawless .
1	see ya next time love !
1	i had a great experience and was in and out in a flash .
1	as always , an excellent world of shoes and service .
1	nice service nice quality nice atmosphere , will come back again .
1	the kids had such a good time !
1	they loved it !
1	always a fun and happy place to be in .
1	the staff are helpful and friendly .
1	they were very nice and i would highly recommend .
1	they are honest , helpful , fast , and reasonably priced .
1	they are fast , efficient and fair on rice .
1	i would not only use them again but recommend them to everyone !
1	and the price was right !
1	we had fantastic service , and were pleased by the atmosphere .
1	loved this place !
1	my main course was halibut and that was perfectly cooked .
1	they have the best gnocchi i 've ever had !
1	the food here was great !
1	my friend and i both got a pasta dish and they were great !
1	outstanding !
1	this is a gem in the venetian .
1	the prices are a little cheaper , but the food is still wonderful .
1	we enjoyed a caesar salad and the sausage and red pepper pizza .
1	the service are great as well .
1	loved it !
1	good service too .
1	the food is awesome .
1	the mushroom ravioli is full of flavor .
1	it was delicious .
1	nice spot .
1	however , that said , the food was really good .
1	the food is wonderful and the service is impeccable .
1	order the tasting menu with wine pairing for an unforgettable meal !
1	overall , a great place with excellent food and a great staff .
1	it 's pretty expensive but worth going too .
1	the caribou coffee is outstanding .
1	the smells are just different ; coffee , as opposed to the woods .
1	ancient creations is a phenomenal place to visit at the venetian .
1	dino we wish you many more successful years in business !
1	( i 'm from vegas , we 're special kind of people . )
1	was it good !
1	the variety of flavors is wonderful .
1	the smooth & creamy gelato is an absolute delight !
1	i love this place , best gelato spot in vegas .
1	wow i 'm really surprised at the previous reviews !
1	their gelato is nice and smooth - the way it 's supposed to be .
1	the location is just perfect .
1	mmmmm ... !
1	so smooth , so flavorful , so worth the visit !
1	i also got to sample the watermelon sorbet .
1	very refreshing on a hot vegas day .
1	it 's nice and creamy the way i like it .
1	great flavors , very creamy and rich .
1	my favorite mexican restaurant ever .
1	we all left with a satisfying buzz and a full stomach .
1	this is by far , my favorite mexican restaurant .
1	boyfriend was in love with the angus steak , cooked to perfection .
1	wonderful mojitos here .
1	the service was attentive and friendly .
1	on the whole , a wonderful experience .
1	the ingredients are fresh and the food is delicious .
1	good service .
1	check this one out if you are in the mood for mexican food !
1	definitely will come back again and again when i am in vegas .
1	flavor is way above average .
1	this is my favorite casual restaurant in all of vegas to date !
1	this place is awesome for the taste and the deal !
1	the happy hour specials are pretty good .
1	service was prompt , friendly and helpful .
1	came back for apps and drinks for happy hour hopping ... .
1	good service , guacamole was very good too .
1	highly recommended .
1	our waiter was mexican , and had some good recommendations about what was good .
1	he was very friendly and knowledgeable about eh menu .
1	the food was excellent and the portions were quite big .
1	the food is awesome , and so are the drinks .
1	food is excellent quality and prepared fresh and it shows in the taste .
1	thoroughly enjoyed my don julio _num_ with their excellent chips and salsa .
1	the guac was delicious and the view amazing .
1	this place was absolutely delicious !
1	$ _num_ happy hour margaritas .
1	the cilantro rice has a really great fresh taste to it .
1	we enjoyed this restaurant .
1	great place !
1	the burrito is especially good and so is the guacamole .
1	everyone in our party raved about the authenticity of their meal .
1	this place has been around a long time and is really good .
1	great place with good ambience .
1	still , the flavor was very unique and good .
1	good sangria also .
1	got there for happy hour and enjoyed some `` cheaper '' drinks .
1	all were very good .
1	it was unique and very good .
1	incredible mexican food .
1	the best part however , was the cilantro rice .
1	happy hour would be good here .
1	the chicken arrived , and it was good .
1	great food right by the canal inside the venetian las vegas .
1	i thought the steak fajitas were fine for the price .
1	the food was tasty and my dish delicious .
1	whenever i go to vegas , i always want to eat here .
1	although not on the menu , i managed to order a spicy margarita .
1	the salsa was a perfect slightly spicy thin consistency .
1	so tender , so good .
1	shout out to alex -- he was a great bartender !
1	the outdoor seating gives it a romantic , elegant atmosphere .
1	ate a late dinner there and had excellent enchiladas !
1	the rice and beans were very good too !
1	i tried an ahi tuna dish that was very good .
1	everyone went away happy ( and buzzed ) .
1	this is a decent mexican restaurant with great staff and a relaxed environment .
1	all great .
1	great food and drink .
1	our waiter was very good !
1	queso fundido comes with freshly made tortillas .
1	it turns out that we hit the jackpot !
1	the menu looked great .
1	amazing place !
1	i highly recommend the beef rib .
1	i will definitely be back next time i 'm in town .
1	really enjoyed the atmosphere , we had seats right next to the canal .
1	service was timely and the food was pretty good .
1	really enjoyed the pineapple margarita that was recommended by server .
1	ate there today and the food was really good !
1	chips and salsa was also really good !
1	besides the tiny margarita we got , everything else was great !
1	awesome food and great service !
1	great drinks , awesome mexican food , super friendly bar tender !
1	it was delicious and the drinks were amazing .
1	they were both fantastic .
1	also , the cilantro rice is amazing .
1	really good service as well as dishes and drinks at happy hour .
1	would recommend for a nice mexican food night out !
1	very good .
1	what a pleasant surprise !
1	the food was delicious for a casual restaurant and so were the margaritas .
1	this place is in the venetian and was incredible .
1	obviously i had the flautas and they were soooooo good !
1	everything was delicious !
1	i will come back !
1	service was excellent !
1	we ordered the flautas & the chicken enchiladas , they were delicious !
1	so good !
1	i am a fan of this place !
1	i never knew mexican food can be so varied and exotic .
1	i love their margaritas also .
1	pretty good food overall .
1	_num_ stars : best flautas in the world !
1	delicious !
1	the food is delicious .
1	this place was great .
1	it is inside the venetian .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	came here with my husband for breakfast and it was great !
1	romantic view , very nice & courteous server , & tasty food !
1	well done .
1	our server was lovely and super friendly .
1	its so delicious !
1	i recommend coming here for happy hour !
1	the guac is delicious and i reccomend the carnitas and carne asada .
1	it was very good !
1	the drinks were good and the food was well prepared .
1	one of my favorite dishes here is the quesadilla ( see attached photo ) .
1	so much flavor packed into each of the items !
1	service was very good as well .
1	highly recommend ordering both and sharing .
1	our table had an assortment of food and all was great .
1	honestly ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu .
1	the food is always great .
1	decent restaurant .
1	the guacamole and queso fundido were excellent .
1	my husband and i enjoyed lunch there on sunday .
1	the food was fantastic !
1	but , the food was delicious !
1	the wild mushroom enchilada was perfection .
1	the service was friendly and efficient as well .
1	the service is friendly and attentive .
1	my friend and i came here for an early dinner .
1	very happy with the quality of the food and service !
1	always delicious , never dissapointed .
1	the margaritas , chips , and entrees are excellent !
1	the sweet corn was so good !
1	thank you for a great start to the day !
1	the server was great .
1	they were the best we 've ever had .
1	great place to go and prices were reasonable !
1	dessert is perfect !
1	the best dinner so far in las vegas .
1	the drinks were well done for a happy hour , and totally acceptable .
1	this is always our first stop when we drive into town .
1	great place to stop and eat if you 're shopping in the forum shops .
1	delicious mexican .
1	service was great also .
1	this place was pretty good !
1	food tasted great .
1	great location next to the canal .
1	my husband had the steak and eggs and the steak was juicy and tender .
1	we shared the empanadas ( good ) and flautas ( spectacular ) .
1	i had the beef rib and polenta which was rich and delicious .
1	guacamole was fantastic .
1	i had the tacos and were pretty good .
1	great server !
1	the beef tacos were very good .
1	this place has a great view of the canal .
1	it was the perfect place to grab lunch .
1	really tasty .
1	i could eat two of those and make it my dinner .
1	really loved this place !
1	for drinks , we ordered the jalapeo margarita and it was really good .
1	for food , we ordered a guac for the table and it was delightful .
1	absolutely delicious food !
1	definitely check this place out !
1	we will be coming back for that great guest service !
1	very good food !
1	the food was also delicious .
1	highly recommended this restaurant .
1	loved this place !
1	oh and the chips and salsa was great too !
1	my boyfriend and i ordered chips with salsa and guacamole ( sooo good ) .
1	they are this amazing combination of tart , sweet , and refreshing .
1	best meal i 've had so far on this trip !
1	the venetian and the bellagio are my two favorite spots on the strip .
1	great place for shopping , dining and late night fun .
1	always crowded , but so fun .
1	better than most shopping places in casinos on the strip .
1	some of them are outstanding at that .
1	lovely atmosphere in here , fun shopping .
1	food here is also pretty good .
1	awesome !
1	michael before dinner then some last minute shopping .
1	such a great shopping experience .
1	central to the strip and beautiful through and through .
1	the place is stunning .
1	excellent place to kill time !
1	we had a great time here .
1	i have n't been here recently but it 's a fun family-friendly place .
1	this is actually a rating for the restaurant .
1	our waitress was super nice .
1	yum yum yummmm !
1	great variety of games , plenty of things for a wide audience .
1	it 's a pretty nice arcade with a good number of choices .
1	wow - why is there a walgreen 's on the strip ?
1	great location right smack in the middle of the strip .
1	decent selection of snacks and wine .
1	staff is friendly and trained well so the wait is usually minimal .
1	good go to the basics too since they are open late .
1	it is huge and has an exciting feel to it .
1	they are very efficient and helpful .
1	what a brilliant location for a walgreens .
1	so happy to find this place .
1	flautas are a must have ... .
1	mmmmm good .
1	the enchiladas are rich and delicious .
1	i love this place .
1	try it , you will love it .
1	the food is made to order and tastes great .
1	employees are super friendly and responsive .
1	they have classic mexican that taste great .
1	they were pleased with their meals as well - we all cleaned our plates .
1	i had the green enchiladas and they were so good !
1	love this place .
1	all the food is excellent there .
1	customer service was quick and accurate !
1	love this place !
1	this place rocks !
1	they have a few package deals that are pretty good for the beginner .
1	very cool employees .
1	are average .
1	he was helpful , amusing , and very thorough in his training .
1	he made us feel comfortable throughout the process .
1	no attitudes here and the prices are very good too .
1	my husband loved it .
1	steve was our instructor .
1	he was patient with us , explained everything great .
1	great service from a knowledgeable staff is the norm at discount firearms .
1	we had an awesome time !
1	thank you discount firearms for a great experience !
1	this place was great for my first -- but probably only -- time .
1	our instructor was very nice , informative , and attentive .
1	definitely coming here again .
1	the staff is super friendly and helpful .
1	very clean business , and well lit .
1	this place was great !
1	our driver was friendly and knowledgeable .
1	thanks guys !
1	excellent service .
1	the trainer john was excellent and there with us the who time .
1	it was nice that you can program how far the target goes out .
1	great people .
1	thank you for a very pleasant experience .
1	best prices for gun rentals and not overly crowded .
1	outstanding !
1	great store with great employees , and the prices are good too !
1	but the price is what draws everyone to this place .
1	this range is a must go !
1	we just randomly searched this place online .
1	i recommend you do this while in vegas !
1	our pilot alexander was very informative and enthusiastic tour guide .
1	the helicopter ride was fun and exciting !
1	once again it was pretty fun .
1	best adventure of the trip !
1	big rich was a fabulous tour guide .
1	he was so knowledgable of the area and kept us entertained .
1	wow !
1	this company is spectacular .
1	overall the experience was great and i 'd go back .
1	the food is awesome too .
1	she really cares about all of the children and makes you feel comfortable .
1	i highly recommend this place to all moms looking for a daycare .
1	this is the best fitness club i 've been to .
1	i really loved the people .
1	we love this place .
1	there 's a very nice lady who runs this store .
1	if she has it not she will order it and that makes me happy .
1	so play and have fun !
1	i had a great time browsing with my husband today .
1	wow !
1	loved this place .
1	i was very satisfied with my stay here !
1	the _num_ bedroom suite was perfect for everyone .
1	good location just a few blocks from the strip .
1	friendly staff .
1	we stayed here for four nights in a two bedroom suite .
1	great parking spots .
1	they have free breakfast which is good .
1	great for a family or people on budget .
1	this was actually a wonderful hotel in a very convenient location .
1	the breakfast they serve at _num_ is amazing !
1	i was able to keep my connection going at all time .
1	staff always friendly and even accommodate early check in for me .
1	they are very comfortable and clean .
1	stayed here during a meeting i had for work .
1	the quality of service we received was great .
1	very good asian fusion cuisine .
1	definitely worth it .
1	all that we ordered was delicious and we did n't break the bank .
1	the place looked very nice and very trendy .
1	the customer service here was outstanding .
1	a bit pricy but well worth the money .
1	i will definitely be back next year .
1	i will stay again .
1	very quiet room with view of the strip .
1	i stayed here for a work trip the second time in _num_ months .
1	excellent restaurant for breakfast and dinners .
1	very well trained and attentive staff .
1	enjoy your stay !
1	love this place !
1	really liked this hotel .
1	the staff was friendly and helpful and the breakfast was free and actually good .
1	we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the spacious _num_ bedroom suite .
1	they are also updating the hotel and everything will be new and fresh soon .
1	the guys here worked efficiently .
1	men 's clothing is on the second floor and was plenty stocked .
1	great selection .
1	great staff !
1	customer service was amazing , our salesperson was brenda .
1	and such vintage feeling as well .
1	seriously the nicest and honest sales man that u ever need .
1	probably my new favorite store of this kind .
1	funny story .
1	this is by far the best wig shop i have ever been too .
1	nice prices .
1	the owners really help you .
1	i love this place so much .
1	very happy !
1	now you know , so go stand in line .
1	it 's an outlet .
1	you will love going here esp .
1	very cool !
1	enjoy !
1	great job mark !
1	thank you so much from myself and my son !
1	my whole family rocks nike , and nike town is where we go .
1	they are all so different and interesting to peruse through .
1	there are two floors filled with an array of wonderful nike products .
1	very helpful staff .
1	very large & nice selection .
1	of all the apple stores in vegas , this one is my personal favorite .
1	the staff was friendly and the atmosphere is great .
1	always friendly faces here !
1	i highly recommend this location !
1	very impressed with this apple location .
1	they are all professional .
1	very polite and knowledgeable .
1	thank u !
1	wonderful customer service !
1	super friendly and well educated .
1	thank you so much ... i 'm beyond happy !
1	i highly recommend this store and their outstanding staff .
1	nice friendly staff .
1	fantastic service and amazing tech guys .
1	the location is perfect .
1	good place to spend some extra cash .
1	very nice quality clothes and accessories .
1	the staff is helpful and very positive .
1	a+ good customer service .
1	gorgeous store .
1	service is good .
1	they were gorgeous .
1	love !
1	i love this place .
1	and it 's fun .
1	i stayed here last year when i came with my family .
1	good price , room was actually nicer than i had expected .
1	the first casino that i entered when i was a kid .
1	rooms were clean , food was great .
1	the bartender was great .
1	the line moved fairly quickly .
1	great place to stay if you are on a budget .
1	i love this place .
1	it has a kids casino , amusement park , and circus shows .
1	best .
1	employees seemed happy and nice .
1	it was a spring break weekend and the place was packed .
1	room was nice and clean !
1	its like being at the circus and all the employees are extra nice .
1	overall the rooms that we got were very clean .
1	food was good , room was clean , casino was nicer than i expected .
1	just thought i would give a good review where it deserved .
1	love it here .
1	the prices per night are very good anytime of the year .
1	food at the westside deli was also tasty and affordable .
1	i would highly recommend staying here !
1	they are so friendly and really care .
1	the room prices are fantastic , and you get large rooms .
1	we were here last year as well .
1	the room was well stocked , clean , and came with complementary wifi .
1	the service from the front desk was above average .
1	midway is awesome !
1	the best part is it 's free !
1	key tip is book the west tower .
1	lots of midway games for the kids and some tiny free acts to watch .
1	west tower room is nice and clean .
1	fun and excitement - this is a one stop shop hotel .
1	i will defiantly stay here again .
1	it 's great !
1	some good restaurants and the employees are courteous .
1	gambling is relaxed and fun , many new upgrades have been done .
1	my experience here last week was amazing !
1	we won a lot of stuffed animals and it was fun .
1	i look forward to it !
1	my family and i love this hotel because it is very kid friendly .
1	the view was nice and the room was clean .
1	the arcade is fun , but really crowded as to be expected .
1	i love this place .
1	thank you so much for making my birthday a special one .
1	thanks for the flowers lol .
1	extremely recommended .
1	but im still a fan .
1	this hotel is such a great deal for its price .
1	carrie from graveyard is the best !
1	your voice recognition we were so pleased by her professionalism and sincere hospitality .
1	great hotel .
1	our family visited here every day of our vacation .
1	super guy !
1	day two was great .
1	food was good .
1	will stay here again .
1	the two roller coasters were amazing and the kids loved the arcade .
1	first and foremost our room was clean .
1	love this place .
1	she made checking in so quick and easy so thank you .
1	great time with the kids ... .
1	she wished me a happy birthday and even gave me a flower !
1	oh by the way , her name is carrie .
1	loved our stay !
1	_num_ : huge !
1	you can spend hours exploring !
1	thank you once again for an excellent stay !
1	circus circus it was our new year hotel and we enjoyed it .
1	easy parking and all the people work there are very nice and helpful .
1	and yes another kid friendly place !
1	i highly recommend getting the giant margarita glass full of frozen margarita .
1	not really a great place for kids not just the hotel but vegas period .
1	my boyfriend and i stayed here a few months ago to celebrate my 21st .
1	i definitely appreciated the gesture .
1	i love the midway !
1	very clean and comfortable with a beautiful view of some of the strip .
1	checkin was quick and easy , the attendant was nice !
1	but vegas offers few choices so we went .
1	the steaks are great with lots of flavor .
1	the decor was very clean and modern .
1	the assortment of breads is great , esp .
1	best recommended for a hungry night and special occasion dining .
1	awesome !
1	maurice was so great to work with and the food was amazing !
1	he was prompt on delivery and pick up , and set up everything nicely .
1	food is great and always professional and courteous thru out the process .
1	good food n fast .
1	the pizza is really good !
1	happy eating !
1	a great and unique place !
1	that being said , this is a great place .
1	very careful , attentive , and pleasant staff really make a difference .
1	very positive folks work here .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	the ambiance was delightful and the service was excellent .
1	my wife and i had been here years before and enjoyed it .
1	great dining experience .
1	this was a great start to a perfect dinner .
1	regardless , my impressions of circo were splendid .
1	the decor is awesome .
1	nice white wine list .
1	plus the decorations and the ceiling are very nice .
1	really great food !
1	the desserts here are amazing and the service was n't bad .
1	service was impeccable .
1	an extensive wine list and we get to enjoy the fountain in our seat .
1	very very good .
1	great view of the fountains .
1	service was prompt and attentive .
1	we enjoyed another stellar meal at circo .
1	took a long time but lamb was truly amazing !
1	so good !
1	food was pretty good .
1	i got the lobster gnocchi which was pretty good .
1	the food was amongst the best we have ever had .
1	there house made dressing is wonderful .
1	this restaurant is fantastic .
1	the oysters were also excellent , as was the caprese salad .
1	enjoy it if you 're in vegas .
1	the service was quite good as was the food .
1	well , that and chocolate , of course .
1	the lamb chops were especially very good !
1	service is fantastic .
1	beautiful room overlooking the fountains .
1	but the main point is the food - and circo delivers .
1	it was light , flavorful , and satisfying .
1	it was the most romantic setting we could ask for .
1	good food and good waiting service .
1	one of the best steaks i 've ever had .
1	we loved it .
1	nice view of fountain .
1	please , keep it .
1	service was fantastic and the food excellent .
1	having a view of the fountains during dinner was an added bonus .
1	the restaurant has a lovely circus setting , and great servers .
1	i recommend .
1	they came highly recommended by friends and we 'd recommend them as well .
1	went here with my sister today to get a mani , loved this place !
1	the mani itself was really good quality as well .
1	great salon !
1	without fail , both times they did it with a smile on their face .
1	i will be back for years to come !
1	staff was friendly and helpful .
1	service and suits were good , but wanted a second opinion before buying .
1	very clean !
1	oops !
1	not only is this business absolutely affordable , it 's so clean !
1	clean and very friendly staff .
1	tv was a bonus for the kids too !
1	attendants on duty so that 's good and they are friendly and helpful .
1	winner .
1	i washed my color clothes for about _num_ .
1	good decision .
1	the place is clean , easy to locate and staff is friendly and prompt .
1	very friendly and has the best customer service ever .
1	it 's by far the best place ever .
1	the shoes and socks are very reasonable and the help is very good .
1	overall i highly recommend them .
1	i had a great experience .
1	i 'll definitely be back when i 'm want to buy a new bag !
1	i just love love love my personal shopper ... .
1	he is the best !
1	truly is satisfaction guaranteed .
1	what a great experience .
1	this store offers a nice selection of very elegant and cute clothing .
1	the staff is so friendly and helpful here .
1	love shopping here .
1	my favorite part ?
1	well worth it .
1	that works for me .
1	a very cool experience .
1	the monorail is very convenient especially during the hot summer months .
1	the lv monorail is awesome !
1	i love it !
1	god bless the monorail !
1	i thought this was a great way to get back to my car .
1	try it once , and you 'll be hooked .
1	it serves its purpose in life !
1	the stations and trains are very clean !
1	the monorail is good for when going to trade shows at the convention center .
1	it saved so much time .
1	best way to get around in las vegas if you 're watching your budget .
1	this is a good deal !
1	if you want to get around the strip quickly this is the best route .
1	i loved it .
1	a great deal for locals with proper id .
1	it is fast and efficient .
1	this was very valuable for traveling the strip while i stayed at bally 's .
1	a clean and safe ride , also very efficient .
1	i enjoyed riding the monorail .
1	this is a great way to get around vegas .
1	very convenient .
1	super clean .
1	the monorail was clean and easily got us to our destinations .
1	i even feel comfortable using it alone .
1	the las vegas monorail was perfect for my recent trip to vegas .
1	best transportation for your $ $ $ .
1	it 's convenient and easy to get to different part of the strip .
1	a helpful lift up and down the strip .
1	it was well worth it !
1	it 's easy to access & can be found without difficulty .
1	we stayed at one of the stops .
1	thank you team monorail !
1	cute characters .
1	i 've loved hello kitty as long as i can remember .
1	all entrees were delicious especially the mongolian beef .
1	the service was great and we would definitely return .
1	got the bbq pork soup with wonton .
1	good stuff if you are trying to shake that hangover .
1	i ate here on saturday night and i loved it .
1	it came out within ten minutes and was all hot and delicious .
1	my boyfriend ordered the salmon avocado roll and that was so good !
1	the next night we ordered sweet and sour chicken and it was soooo good !
1	overall it was a great lunch time deal .
1	the food was surprisingly pretty good .
1	so good !
1	we sat at the bar and bartender did a great job serving us .
1	we greatly enjoyed the dim sum and that 's all we ate there .
1	i 'd definitely eat there again .
1	we greatly enjoyed the dim sum and that 's all we ate there .
1	great food !
1	the lunch special for $ _num_ was worth it .
1	i loved it .
1	the family enjoy their dinner very much .
1	overall everything was good .
1	the food was quick and fantastic !
1	noodles were cooked perfectly .
1	best chinese food i 've ever had .
1	perfect portion sizes and loads of flavour .
1	but our dragon family style meal was outstanding !
1	my three kids loved it .
1	i 've only had the sushi ... but it was great !
1	the service was very good .
1	i had the veggie noodle soup and it was excellent .
1	it hit the spot that was for sure .
1	sushi is fresh and reasonably priced !
1	noodles - very authentic - just like singapore .
1	beef dishes - especially sirloin are very good .
1	thank you !
1	we had a wonderful time at dinner here tonight .
1	the food is fresh and authentic .
1	very nice atmosphere .
1	friendly staff .
1	to my surprise the food was exceptional .
1	funky colors , bold styles , everything a strong personality would love to don .
1	the sa 's here are so cute !
1	definitely some good peruvian food .
1	a cool little dive cheap drinks nice atmosphere and good people .
1	but , if you 're a girl in vegas you will have fun .
1	we moved into paradise apartments in july .
1	thanks also for the smooth move in .
1	you can park and fly for _num_ dollars !
1	the food at the bar area was very good and the pricing very fair .
1	totally good hotel hotel .
1	efficient check in .
1	wonderfully sized for a room with _num_ queen beds .
1	the price is right and the location is great !
1	she is far and away the best thing about this property .
1	i love this place !
1	i 've ordered on separate occasions and have been really impressed with the results .
1	keep it up !
1	they do excellent work and are a joy to deal with .
1	i loved loved loved all of my floral decor !
1	they made my vision come completely true !
1	all in all , they nailed it !
1	gorgeous flowers for our wedding .
1	really , truly gorgeous .
1	thank you !
1	they came looking beautiful fresh and delivered on time .
1	inventive , unique and wonderful .
1	thank you .
1	i ordered everything by phone and the lady who helped me was wonderful .
1	she was professional and courteous on the phone .
1	i took a chance and it paid off , my bouquet was gorgeous .
1	the guy serving me was very friendly and efficient .
1	service is pretty good .
1	they did a good job with the decorating .
1	nice bathrooms as well .
1	tasty nonetheless .
1	they accommodated us last minute for a party of fifteen so that was nice .
1	they booked us a private room and the service was very helpful and friendly .
1	they were amazingly good .
1	the building is huge inside with a cool water feature as you enter .
1	it was great .
1	i recommend stopping by .
1	our server was neil and he was very informative and attentive to our needs .
1	great service great food and great service .
1	they have a wonderful fish with almond crusted yumminess on top .
1	the wait staff is great and the prices are good .
1	cool , chill , island theme restaurant with very friendly servers .
1	nice place , love the tropical ambiance .
1	food always tastes fresh .
1	i had the shrimp , avocado and crab tower and it was delicious !
1	i love this place !
1	this was an amazing experience !
1	came for happy hour .
1	he said it was one of the best restaurant meals he had ever had .
1	it was a nice relaxing comforting lunch to end our fun trip in vegas .
1	first time here and i loved it !
1	it was delicious .
1	i had the salmon pasta that came with bread .
1	hubby 's grandma had the seafood chowder and loved it .
1	i love love love this place !
1	the shrimp linguine was delicious , and my sister said her fish was too .
1	everything we 've tried here has been great .
1	the jerk fire shrimp !
1	: ) the coconut shrimp is recommended as well ... !
1	natalie 's staff is amazing .
1	great food , wonderful staff and fun atmosphere .
1	we decided on bahama breeze , and it was great !
1	the food was fantastic !
1	overall it was great food , fast service , and cool atmosphere .
1	overall pretty good.
1	this place is awesome .
1	i met a friend here during their happy hour .
1	i had the jerk shrimp appetizer with the cuban bread and loved it .
1	we absolutly loved this restaurant !
1	they make you laugh and offer drinks you may like .
1	it 's a must-try !
1	the atmosphere is awesome !
1	the food was delicious !
1	good !
1	great job !
1	best happy hour in vegas !
1	great ratio of seafood and veggies .
1	ordered a makers mark whiskey sour , enjoyed that too .
1	great food and also nice inside .
1	on top of it all , the prices are very reasonable !
1	this place is a nice relaxed feel with live music .
1	the shrimp and lobster linguine pasta is good and they give you a lot !
1	tasty overall !
1	i love the atmosphere , music , it 's so much fun .
1	warm and calming .
1	they have a great weekday happy hour .
1	so good !
1	appetizers delicious !
1	shrimp linguini delicious !
1	jamaican jerk chicken delicious !
1	our server was also very friendly and did a great job .
1	my family and i will definitely be returning to this restaurant in the future .
1	food was pretty good .
1	everything was very good and reasonably priced .
1	the place is big the service is great .
1	everyone in our group of _num_ or so seemed to have a good time !
1	awesome food , excellent customer service .
1	thanks for a wonderful lunch experience !
1	came here for happy hour .
1	food and drinks were so delicious !
1	marcus was our waiter and made our first experience wonderful .
1	our server was very very friendly and attentive .
1	salad was very good best part was the croutons .
1	he represented the food and company very well .
1	we devoured our food !
1	food was good , nothing to write home about .
1	the ultimate pina colada is refreshing .
1	their firecracker shrimp and shrimp & lobster quesadillas are amazing !
1	the appetizers were all really good and the selection of drinks is pretty extensive .
1	but i still come here pretty often .
1	i would definitely recommend checking this place out .
1	fun environment .
1	it has great appetizers .
1	their happy hour is the best !
1	happy hour is from 4-6 pm monday - friday .
1	they have a great selection of beers and cocktails in the happy hour !
1	they were huge and so tasty !
1	absolutely delicious !
1	jamaican wings are huge and the sauce is sweet and yummy .
1	richard our server was great , very attentive and made sure we were good .
1	it was all delicious !
1	our server joe was awesome as well .
1	very enjoyable and the service was excellent .
1	i 'll definitely come back just for the jerk shrimp !
1	i brought my husband here for a date and boy did we enjoy ourselves .
1	the food was delicious and served in very generous amounts .
1	food was great and they even gave extra !
1	i love this place !
1	i the appetizers are delicious as well , for a good price .
1	they went above and beyond to make sure my day went smoothly .
1	it has the best vibe , best service and best food .
1	she is the best .
1	i 've been here several times and every time it 's been perfect .
1	good happy hour .
1	this place is awesome !
1	happy hour on point and the drinks are strong !
1	it was a great decision .
1	service was great !
1	terrific place for a date !
1	great place for visitors from out of town or for special occasions .
1	_num_ happy hours and mojitos are amazing .
1	the chowder was excellent .
1	love the ambience and lively caribbean music .
1	our servers were attentive and on top of all our extra requests .
1	had spicy jerk shrimp and almond crusted mahi .
1	overall , beautiful restaurant for a calm weekend lunch .
1	the coconut shrimp and seafood chowder soup is my favorite .
1	the service was friendly and quick too .
1	definitely an extensive tropical drink menu which i can definitely appreciate .
1	super personable and great service !
1	the dj there played great island music , as well .
1	great , beautiful , and perfect priced !
1	our waiter jerry was awesome !
1	had the shrimp linguine which was delicious too .
1	what a great place !
1	always a must when we come to vegas from la .
1	i came on a weekday after the lunch rush and enjoyed fast service .
1	i sat at the bar with bob .
1	the coconut shrimp are awesome !
1	service was exceptional .
1	will definitely be going back .
1	wonderful food .
1	food was amazing !
1	service was fabulous !
1	good value , and delicious .
1	one of my favorite spots .
1	the food was really good and properly cooked .
1	great customer service and awesome food !
1	great service and wonderful cocktails .
1	very extensive menu with something for everyone .
1	i really like this place and the atmosphere .
1	my food was good and the service was very good .
1	drinks are pretty basic , stick to the menu .
1	this is my go to spot for happy hour !
1	i also love the burger for lunchtime .
1	the place is busy but the times with good people made it fly by .
1	the food is still great and i 'll be back again and again .
1	service was fast and food was great .
1	loved the restaurant ambience and food .
1	perfect place to relax with soothing live music , delicious food and great cocktails .
1	i 'd recommend to everyone !
1	again i experienced a well prepared meal here at bahama breeze !
1	lindsey was a great bartender .
1	we came for late night happy hour .
1	they were excellent .
1	great food and atmosphere as usual .
1	i am a big fan of this place !
1	there 's a very diverse drink menu for anyone 's needs .
1	the food was great !
1	services was good too everyone was friendly !
1	this is a common food for americans .
1	fun relaxing place .
1	go a couple times a year whenever in town .
1	great food .
1	solid happy hour .
1	everything is flavorful and well executed .
1	my favorite happy hour in las vegas .
1	my boyfriend and i love the place .
1	we definitely recommend this restaurant !
1	great service .
1	i officially love this place !
1	my son and i absolutely loved him !
1	we will definitely be back .
1	driven by the joint for years , finally stopped in .
1	was pleasantly surprised by large drink and food menu .
1	she made our special event even more special .
1	little jenny can works magic .
1	jenny did such a wonderful job .
1	jenny is amazing at doing nails !
1	i 'm so pleased with them and i ca n't wait to go back .
1	got a full bikini wax for the first time .
1	she is warm and have an amazing eye for beauty .
1	she is very detail orientated ... must ask for jenny !
1	she is amazing !
1	incredibly soft and fit great .
1	we had such a terrific shopping experience at this location !
1	thanks a million , maureen !
1	a great restaurant for old school food , decor and service .
1	the human food is well-priced .
1	i had the steak and eggs , which came with hash browns .
1	this is so much fun !
1	our instructor was lance , he was great .
1	great instructor , great for family .
1	brett was our instructor and he made our entire experience awesome !
1	we had tony for our experience , and it was a great time .
1	i would def recommend this place to any and everyone !
1	he was very informative and outgoing .
1	so much fun !
1	this place is a lot of fun !
1	it was so much fun !
1	he is amazing !
1	he 's got so much energy and has a great personality !
1	this is a must do in vegas !
1	great instructors .
1	would definitely recommend !
1	great experience .
1	so fun !
1	the flight seemed too short but each of us got to float _num_ times .
1	this was worth every cent !
1	this was definitely our favorite thing we did !
1	katie was so patient and fun .
1	highly recommend .
1	thanks tony !
1	their instructor was very attentive and professional .
1	a memorable experience that will surely last a lifetime .
1	but let me tell you , its great fun !
1	we took our kids and we all had a blast !
1	so much fun !
1	excellent !
1	instructors make sure you are comfortable and have a good time .
1	omg so much fun !
1	we just did this for our anniversary and our was the perfect date .
1	the staff is very friendly , upbeat and above all very experienced .
1	our instructor bob was not only informative but made the experience fun and entertaining .
1	this is a must when you go to las vegas !
1	very professional staff .
1	well worth it .
1	he made the experience more exciting and more fun .
1	the staff is incredibly friendly too .
1	way more fun than we even imagined .
1	it 's great fun for all ages .
1	they make you feel very comfortable and help you have a good time .
1	dave was our guy and he was super nice and funny .
1	its a lot of fun .
1	doug was our instructor and he was great .
1	but it was a cool experience .
1	the instructors are superb !
1	the staff were friendly and informative .
1	though i feel like i could have flown all day , two was great !
1	fabulous experience .
1	friendly staff .
1	thanks for the experience of a lifetime !
1	one of the best experiences in las vegas that ive been to .
1	great experience overall and well worth .
1	staff was friendly and helpful .
1	this place is amazing !
1	all the staff from check in to photos we friendly and helpful .
1	we will be back next time we are in town !
1	an unforgettable experience !
1	good experience .
1	lots of fun .
1	overall it was a fun time and the kids loved it .
1	i highly recommend more people do this !
1	i highly recommend it to everyone !
1	great experience .
1	would definitely recommend it .
1	which is nice to see your friends jump with you .
1	an all around amazing experience .
1	he wants to go again tomorrow and the next day !
1	thanks again !
1	they had an amazing selection .
1	she really was exceptional !
1	great service !
1	they have an amazing selection of things .
1	we love love that there are two macy 's in this mall .
1	best macy 's in las vegas !
1	everything in vegas is always amazing .
1	but my last trip to mac was outstanding .
1	this is a great place for lunch .
1	my colleagues and i eat lunch there once a month .
1	i had never had it and it was absolutely delicious .
1	the staff has been caring and professional .
1	thank you for the work you do here , god bless you all .
1	sunrise and the lovely staff have earned a patient the other hospital lost !
1	we were visiting las vegas and our daughter had a very high fever .
1	they were so nice to us .
1	highly recommend this hospital for children they truly and honestly care for their patients .
1	very highly recommended !
1	the staff is great and helpful .
1	if you are ever in need of an obgyn , this is the place !
1	thank you dr. k and staff for your outstanding services .
1	this port of subs is great .
1	love coming here before class .
1	great quick service with a happy staff .
1	one of my favorite extras for my sandwich as well as chipotle sauce !
1	food is fresh and tasty and very excellent selection .
1	the price the quality of the food and everything else is just terrific .
1	the nurses and doctors we interacted with were all wonderful , friendly and professional .
1	the staff was friendly , the doctor was competent and knowledgeable .
1	what a great hospital and er .
1	the best hospital to give birth in las vegas .
1	thank you sunrise l & d !
1	i had signed in online first and got right in .
1	very efficient .
1	but overall very caring and competent .
1	amazing staff thank you again for all your care !
1	every single staff member was courteous , caring , and encouraging .
1	i was able to relax and trust that i was in good hands .
1	awesome staff .
1	it pays to go here .
1	ron is an honest car mechanic .
1	works on both foreign and domestic cars .
1	his honesty & fair pricing will keep me a regular customer .
1	thank you ron , i appreciate your perfect work customer service .
1	mission accomplished !
1	i love jack in the box .
1	always clean .
1	great cut .
1	they really make you feel at ease .
1	highly recommend him .
1	he was very thorough and answered all my questions .
1	i was immediately greeted and the gentleman helped me to chose the perfect wallet .
1	love this place .
1	it 's nice to judge a book by not its cover .
1	service is outstanding as well .
1	waitress friendly .
1	i can '' t say enough how i appreciate how honest this shop is .
1	it '' s a honor to meet and honest mechanic .
1	both times , received good customer service .
1	the forum shops at caesar 's are just beautiful .
1	excellent customer service .
1	i love this store .
1	it was a great buy !
1	this is a fun hat shop in the miracle mile shops .
1	this family owned company knows the science behind hats and fashion .
1	hand perfected , personalized fit , perfection at it 's finest .
1	my boyfriend and i had a great experience here when we went in .
1	thank you !
1	this place is definitely worth checking out !
1	i 'll keep coming again and again .
1	craving ramen and i stopped in for a quick bit .
1	definitely on our list to hit next time we 're in vegas .
1	i had the beef bowl rice dish and it was so good .
1	this was some of the best .
1	i love it here .
1	we loved this place very much .
1	overall we loved it here and would recommend this place to anyone .
1	this place is a great value .
1	it has a really comfy family feel .
1	great place if you love wine .
1	and it keeps on coming and coming .
1	both the food and service were great .
1	there was even a cute old man walking around playing music .
1	next time in vegas i will definitely be going here again .
1	free white and red wine is included with the meal .
1	what a blast !
1	overall -- fantastic !
1	fun atmosphere .
1	we came here on a recommendation from a local .
1	the salad and bread were good .
1	it may not be the gourmet italian , but it has real vegas flavor !
1	omg they were amazing .
1	definitely get that .
1	what great atmosphere .
1	it is a really cute place with so much to look at it .
1	large groups welcome .
1	the service was really good and the food was decent .
1	decent prices for vegas .
1	the wine was better than good too .
1	love the garlic bread , with wine .
1	i highly recommend this is little gem in sin city to anyone !
1	battista 's will always have a special place in my heart .
1	my friends and i always start our trip to vegas with this restaurant .
1	i 'd go back again and i 'd definitely recommend it .
1	the waitress was also very attentive .
1	complementary wine with dinner ... sold !
1	this place was outstanding .
1	what a surprise .
1	i liked this place a lot .
1	decent italian food and for the price , a pretty good deal .
1	great italian food .
1	i loved this place .
1	all you can drink wine !
1	this place is great .
1	great authentic italian food with romantic ( dim lighting ) atmosphere .
1	this place is great .
1	we love this place .
1	i will start sending people there !
1	hint : make reservations .
1	the food is good , but nothing amazing .
1	came back to this little gem and another amazing experience .
1	the free flowing house wine is great !
1	so thankful that i was finally introduced to this place after so many years .
1	delicious !
1	this place was cool .
1	we got our money 's worth for sure .
1	chicken parm was very good .
1	food is great and huge portions .
1	i love this place .
1	lovely old fashioned italian food , i recommend the lasagna and veal parm .
1	love !
1	the manicotti is top notch and made from scratch there .
1	the clams and linguini is fabulous and generous .
1	this place is a guaranteed stop every time my wife and i visit .
1	great decor .
1	great food .
1	server was very informative and nice .
1	dinner here is a must every time i 'm in vegas .
1	the creamed spinach that came with it was wonderful !
1	this place is amazing .
1	everyone recommended this place to me so i had to give it a try !
1	we also got pretty drunk very fast with all of the wine !
1	every meal also comes with a free cappuccino .
1	we love this place !
1	awesome old-school style & good food .
1	very cheerful staff and always excellent food !
1	food is decent .
1	the food is great and the decorations are awesome .
1	this place was extremely good !
1	the wine was actually good !
1	he was definitely right .
1	we will definitely be back here on our next trip to las vegas .
1	brought my girl here and we were impressed .
1	food was delicious .
1	always loved him !
1	i love this place .
1	yummy ... good portions lovely atmosphere !
1	overall , best service and best value .
1	the service was also great !
1	we loved it here .
1	food is above average and prices are decent .
1	it 's a great place to go with friends .
1	i love , i love the cappuccino and the caesar salad .
1	the portions are huge and the food is fantastic .
1	the quintessential home-style italian restaurant .
1	italian comfort food .
1	the bread is good .
1	it was good quality for a very reasonable price .
1	i had the chicken parmigiana and it was pretty good .
1	it 's free and fits the mood of the place .
1	it 's a fun old lv gem .
1	the food is always delicious .
1	there was a large variety of food ordered and everyone enjoyed their meals .
1	delicious red sauce .
1	the menus are on the walls so it makes for easy ordering .
1	i always have fettuccine alfredo with shrimp .
1	great food , complimentary wine , awesome garlic bread !
1	this was my first time and it was absolutely amazing .
1	everything was delicious .
1	what an amazing restaurant .
1	we are loving the people .
1	excellent .
1	the food is excellent with large portions .
1	to be very honest the food was just okay but definitely nothing exciting .
1	great service from a great girl !
1	my waiter and his assistant were fantastic .
1	awesome dinner !
1	food was delicious .
1	awesome in every way !
1	just awesome !
1	excellent food , there was so much we had some to take home .
1	loved it !
1	great basic italian food and free wine worth your meal !
1	just loved this restaurant on our last visit .
1	the salad was excellent , as was the garlic bread .
1	service was excellent , and interior decor was entertaining .
1	best italian food ever .
1	the food is absolutely amazing .
1	the environment is charming .
1	i was pleasantly surprised .
1	delicious .
1	the lasagna was one of the best i have ever had .
1	i just love this place .
1	she gave the best customer service .
1	definitely coming back here again for our next visit to vegas !
1	great atmosphere !
1	this place was great .
1	you can order anything off of the menu , and you will love it !
1	if you are looking for casual dining this is the place for you .
1	the service and food are excellent .
1	highly recommend !
1	amazing food and great staff , priced just right .
1	the all you can drink wine was a great bonus too .
1	the food is awesome !
1	service awesome !
1	if you are looking for an inexpensive and good italian meal this is it !
1	this place is full of character but you better have a reservation !
1	i 've brought two big groups here in four months .
1	food is pretty good i would go again .
1	reasonably priced quality food is becoming a rarity in vegas .
1	service is good but not quick , just enjoy the wine and your company .
1	such a great place to take friends !
1	old school italian eatery with excellent old school ambiance .
1	he 's priceless .
1	really friendly staff , great food and atmosphere .
1	would recommend to anyone .
1	it 's chocolate and pretty good chocolate at that .
1	thanks again , excellent customer service skills .
1	_num_ stars for good customer service .
1	i feel so special and satisfied .
1	will be going back to see them when ever at the forum shops !
1	service is phenomenal .
1	a little hawaiian goodness in the middle of vegas , i love it .
1	you can easily pop in from the strip and enjoy a nice cold beverage .
1	good luck my friend .
1	really awesome store .
1	always a good time !
1	there are so many abc 's there , you can accidentally trip over one .
1	abc is our favorite convenience store when we come to vegas .
1	i love having an abc store outside of hawaii !
1	great service !
1	i always find something just right .
1	i 'll continue to visit them .
1	i got a `` half baked milkshake '' and let me tell you .
1	_num_ days after surgery , i feel great .
1	super happy with my visit .
1	walked in today to buy a label maker .
1	the staff is super friendly and knew exactly where everything was .
1	got ta love that -- i 'm totally into a place like this .
1	definitely worth a try !
1	love that we could have ethiopian food at midnight .
1	as always , the food was great and the service was sweet though relaxed .
1	quiet place .
1	shy waitress but friendly .
1	the food was fresh , flavorful and plentiful .
1	the food is delicious and the people who work here are friendly .
1	perfect .
1	great food , attentive service , fun music .
1	i 've tried several places and this one is by far the best .
1	also , they are always so courteous .
1	fantastic .
1	the store was very neat & the dresses were amazing !
1	my sa was very sweet and she was filipino too .
1	nina is very helpful .
1	stayed here for a few days .
1	feel really secure .
1	would recommend this as a great alternative to the noise of the strip .
1	thanks , john !
1	we were comfortable and happy for our vegas christmas vacation !
1	great place to get nails done .
1	highly recommended .
1	very lovely couple and good service !
1	they give good advice and listens to what you want .
1	they take their time and i will continue to return .
1	a nice margarita did the trick to cool me down .
1	it was the best salmon i had ever eaten .
1	ps - plus they gave us some free appetizers too !
1	great food : the tacos and tamales .
1	very impressed .
1	yet , it was a surprise !
1	i love benihana .
1	as always , the food was excellent .
1	walking in , it was beautiful .
1	loved it !
1	food was delicious , especially the shrimp .
1	but it 's highly recommended .
1	our chef was great , despite the fact i am sure he was slammed .
1	great table cooking !
1	love it !
1	the food was excellent as always .
1	the chef was very entertaining .
1	still love this place !
1	two stars : for the funny chef who put on the show .
1	awesome atmosphere .
1	food and service was delicious .
1	we both had a great time .
1	excellent food , entertaining staff .
1	it was good , but not the best .
1	everything else was good .
1	good food .
1	sushi was really good and friendly staff .
1	we got to eat upstairs and had the best waitress .
1	the service was good .
1	food was solid too .
1	our shrimp , scallops , and steak were in fact fabulous .
1	this has been our favorite benihana 's of the handful we have tried .
1	i must also say our chef and waitress were very friendly and efficient .
1	the chefs are always fun and some are hilarious .
1	when i moved to las vegas i seen that they had a benihana here .
1	our waitress was the best !
1	besides that i loved it and would definitely recommend this place to someone else .
1	the service was good and the meals were delicious as well .
1	the food that was prepared in front of us was delicious .
1	delightful !
1	great food with great service !
1	the meal was good and met my expectations .
1	the decor is stunning .
1	delicious .
1	meal was outstanding !
1	outstanding restaurant .
1	very cool !
1	the restaurant has a visually stunning appearance with a grand entrance .
1	the entire staff was very friendly and efficient .
1	toy is a las vegas icon .
1	good night !
1	quality was higher than other teppanyaki places .
1	customer service was great .
1	pricey but worth the experience !
1	beautiful decor !
1	went for a friend 's birthday party and it was a great time .
1	i had the spicy chicken and i was satisfied with it .
1	i will recommend this restaurant to everyone !
1	this place was beautiful upon walking in and the food was absolutely amazing .
1	the chef was great though and the food was amazing .
1	we had a wonderful experience !
1	kay was our waitress , and she was very attentive and kind .
1	the guy was very talented and very entertaining .
1	the overall setting is very nice along with the welcoming staff .
1	this is what customer service should be like !
1	they are true professionals and they always produce great results at an affordable price !
1	i had a good experience here .
1	the stuff was very friendly and helpful .
1	great success !
1	thanks guys !
1	the doctor was great and the exam was quick .
1	if you are looking for a nice piece , definatly come here !
1	the store is located in the heart of the caesar 's palace forum shops .
1	they helped me out on the spot .
1	they were very professional and helpful .
1	i love this store .
1	awesome !
1	great location , convenient and close to the strip , shopping .
1	so far , very happy !
1	feels clean and comfortable .
1	great place if you want to get away from the crowd on the strip !
1	it has new stores n great shops .
1	the food court is nice the parking is great .
1	very quick and efficient service !
1	thanks for the super duper nice service !
1	great merchandise , always clean , and awesome service .
1	i feel employees that go above and beyond should be acknowledged .
1	both provided me with excellent service , and those two deserve a pay increase .
1	this is how a high end store should be .
1	great customer service .
1	he was very nice and helpful .
1	she really took her time with me .
1	purchased my first gucci wallet with my parents here !
1	i still remember the name of the sales that helped me , adam !
1	so friendly and helpful .
1	i would highly recommend this location .
1	one of them haha but it is definitely well stocked !
1	store was packed with all the latest and greatest stuff .
1	also , christina gives the best facials .
1	i loved this place .
1	the staff is very helpful and friendly .
1	service was quick , pleasant , helpful .
1	i highly recommend this store , especially richard .
1	he helped my fianc and i with my engagement ring and his wedding band .
1	we got the battery and receipt and were on our way .
1	had my wedding reception lunch here .
1	they did butcher my wedding cake when it came time to cut it up .
1	our waiter was pleasant and efficient .
1	i even got a free piece of cake for my birthday .
1	what a hoot to see a wedding in the middle of all the tourists .
1	our waiter was fantastic !
1	the food was very good .
1	i really liked it.
1	they bake it , so it is a bit different .
1	i ate here last december with my girlfriend .
1	the waiter said it was fresh from the bakery next door .
1	i highly reccomend it , for anyone .
1	the lobster spaghetti was not only beautifully presented but quite tasty .
1	yikes .
1	i highly recommend this restaurant .
1	i had the tenderloin which was perfectly cooked and amazingly flavorful .
1	the chicken was layered with a light red pepper sauce .
1	the chicken was moist and maintained a good flavor with all the spices .
1	love it !
1	i 've eaten here twice and loved it equally both times .
1	pretty romantic too ... .
1	the staff is first rate .
1	the food did look to be good quality .
1	the table mostly stuck to eating seafood dishes and we loved it .
1	service wasnt the best but the food was delicious !
1	love this place ... .
1	the portion size is big for an upscale restaurant .
1	i was very impressed because i had made the reservations _num_ months in advance !
1	food was good .
1	i enjoyed it !
1	great food !
1	my girlfriend and i had really fantastic service here .
1	it paired well with a glass of chardonnay .
1	we had the oysters , and they were as fresh as possible .
1	all dishes were solid , service was good as well .
1	you can get a gorgeous table `` outside '' in the square .
1	i was quite pleased with the food .
1	the waiter was attentive and brought us ample beverages and bread .
1	the menu also has a decent selection of italian fare .
1	we got a table outside and the views were amazing .
1	the food was excellent .
1	roasted potatoes were very good , as well .
1	but next time i will return to mussels and pasta !
1	the dishes were simple and tasted freshly made .
1	i enjoyed every bite of this delicious meal .
1	great menu choices .
1	excellent service .
1	i requested patio seating that gives you a view of the st. mark square .
1	the waitress was very attentive , professional , and friendly .
1	they have a very great selection of wine .
1	the prices here were more than reasonable especially for the exceptional service .
1	i was like yeah , man , less than a minute ago !
1	`` super delicious !
1	the ambiance is exquisite and the food is out of this world .
1	both my husband and i will definitely return .
1	the food was delicious and service was prompt and efficient .
1	food is good .
1	service was well oriented .
1	_num_ stars due to a higher price .
1	all around great experience .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	descent pricing , good service .
1	dined with my friend , had fun , waiters were attentive and very friendly .
1	the special smoked salmon alfredo was particularly spectacular .
1	the black risotto was very good as well .
1	each meal looked better than the next .
1	decent prices but well worth every penny .
1	our waiter david made the whole experience wonderful .
1	you 've got to try it !
1	super tuscan glass of wine was the best of our choices .
1	this area is just breathtaking .
1	food was delicious .
1	this restaurant is a must if you are in vegas !
1	the service is awesome for the events we have had .
1	simple with lots of flavor .
1	the bread they bring is really good too .
1	my experience was perfect .
1	food was very good and they were accommodating with changes to the menu .
1	never never had a bad meal here year after year .
1	this restaurant was delicious !
1	we booked a private dining room and our server was amazing !
1	great bread basket .
1	wine by the glass was tasty .
1	we had a great time and did not break the bank .
1	service was great , food was great , overall a great experience .
1	the setting is really nice , we sat `` outside '' in the square .
1	its a big meal for lunch .
1	service was top notch .
1	my coworker got a risotto dish that was fantastic as well .
1	i liked the food and the service !
1	i also love the ambience right in the middle of venetian .
1	what a wonderful meal !
1	it was delicious .
1	good food .
1	and the kids love it too !
1	nice service and fast .
1	with all the great food choices in vegas this place is beyond delicious !
1	amazing !
1	great service and food .
1	very nice almost entirely romantic spot !
1	the food was great !
1	drinks are fantastic and the pizza is excellent .
1	a great happy hour for a location on the strip .
1	the waitress was great .
1	i felt welcome at the stage door .
1	loved the people and the very laid back atmosphere .
1	truly a hidden gem .
1	i love this place .
1	we will be back again for sure for super tasty drinks and gambling !
1	friendly service ... .
1	went back again this year for labor day weekend .
1	our bartender cassie was great .
1	we met some funny locals and enjoyed ourselves .
1	prices are great , employees are super nice , clientele is friendly .
1	the service here is great ... smiling , friendly , and fast bar tenders .
1	had a great time .
1	thanks for a place to land and chill .
1	real bar .
1	best dive bar on the strip .
1	great prices , right behind the strip and it 's really everything you need !
1	everyone is friendly .
1	win !
1	friendly bartenders and video poker .
1	brittany thank you for giving us a great time at the bar !
1	best drinks made !
1	customer service is great and you are awesome !
1	i will definitely be coming back !
1	just great drink prices and real people !
1	it is small but freaking awesome !
1	it 's perfect in its beautiful authenticity in a city that is basically fake .
1	the atmosphere was great .
1	i will be back for sure !
1	super nice owner .
1	yes please .
1	best dive bar in las vegas .
1	cheap beers and and cool vibe !
1	had a great time meeting locals and drinking beer !
1	the staff and people were so friendly and everyone was having a great time .
1	& & the bartenders are very generous !
1	amazing .
1	lovely venetian glass art .
1	the service was great .
1	phenomenal store , and they do n't even mind my taking pictures .
1	next time , i 'll actually look at the prices .
1	love this store !
1	very professional great job .
1	friendly staff .
1	my girlfriend said it looked great .
1	george was amazing .
1	i always leave so happy with what he has done .
1	i will be back !
1	george is amazing !
1	he knew exactly what i want and took good care of my hair .
1	overall just loved their energy and talent .
1	i was extremely satisfied with the color and layers .
1	he delivered excellent service and kept me entertained throughout the whole process .
1	i 've found the perfect hair stylist .
1	staff was friendly and accomodating .
1	furnishings are good quality , beds are heavenly .
1	the rooms were very clean and a good size .
1	the deli was friendly and had some good sandwich and quick meal option .
1	the staff , price and stay were all great !
1	kitchen was well equipped and everything worked and in good condition .
1	very happy with this place .
1	i 've used the gym area and it 's always nice and clean .
1	i will definitely stay at this location again .
1	karen at the front desk has that friendly demeanor .
1	highly recommend !
1	the room is nice , clean and comfortable .
1	the rooms are very well appointed , very neat , and feel very new .
1	the bed was very comfortable .
1	suites are nice and clean .
1	no smoke and the rooms are very clean .
1	overall a good experience .
1	very nice , had a nice view of the golf course from our room .
1	for my birthday we stayed here .
1	it also comes with a refrigerator and microwave .
1	everything about the hotel itself is great .
1	nice and clean suits .
1	staff is wonderful and pleasant .
1	price is reasonable for lengthy stays .
1	we had a suite and everything was clean and comfortable .
1	it was a fantastic room and stay .
1	off the strip but right next to it .
1	great staff and very attentive to all the needs and requests .
1	with the fees and price he was able to settle on the king studio .
1	this was a good stay .
1	the hotel was clean and nice with a nice pool .
1	it was great .
1	the sushi and sashimi are surprising good .
1	very fresh .
1	i will go again !
1	this is a good place for sushi at an excellent price .
1	i recommend the chicken in a teriyaki .
1	very nice restaurant .
1	sushi items very reasonable in price .
1	i got such great customer service in here .
1	i wish the one back at home at valley fair was this nice !
1	pointed out sales , good deals and helped with sizes .
1	very good service .
1	he worked well with my insurance so that i did n't have to .
1	just got my car back today and they did a fantastic job .
1	these apartments are very clean to move into .
1	worth checking out the sales racks .
1	the girls are always friendly & offer help .
1	bravo my friend , thank you for everything !
1	this is a very nice dillard 's store in a beautiful , modern mall .
1	i was impressed and will happily shop here again .
1	he was very professional and an absolute pleasure to work with !
1	it was a marvelous experience .
1	check out the waterfall fountain and beautiful garden .
1	so nice .
1	this place is actually high class .
1	this place is gorgeous .
1	the floor was also very beautiful , marble but decorated with lovely tiles !
1	the most beautiful hotel .
1	just go for the rooms and you 'll be fine .
1	the bars are great and the gambling area is sweet .
1	you must see la reve .
1	i hope to shop in the wynn soon !
1	wonderful hotel !
1	such beautiful interior decoration , it 's surreal .
1	these rooms are amazing .
1	the best poker room .
1	the best waitresses .
1	its so new and clean .
1	a must see , and i would bet a must stay as well .
1	not even close ... the best vegas has to offer .
1	steve wynn knows how to roll .
1	just gorgeous .
1	a huge waterfall of water in which you can stand under .
1	wynn has the most comfortable beds i have ever been on , seriously .
1	pleasant even .
1	the rooms are great .
1	i was totally impressed by the wynn .
1	the tables are good -- but can be spendy .
1	really nice hotel .
1	beautiful and spacious rooms , great views and the elegant settings .
1	i loved the modern decor and fabulous service , of course .
1	this is going to be a quick one .
1	all the rooms are suites and the service here is amazing .
1	seating is plush and comfortable .
1	concierge is also top shelf .
1	the wynn is the most amazing hotel .
1	from the moment you step out of your car , it is pure luxury .
1	the decor was carefully crafted .
1	great job , mr. wynn !
1	the rooms are comfortable and well appointed - there 's plenty of room .
1	overall though , exceptional service and beautiful place .
1	the view was amazing and the bathroom was massive .
1	the locals stays away from this casino .
1	the service is impeccable .
1	everything about it in my opinion is just fantastic .
1	the rooms are spacious and you got ta love the ceiling to wall windows .
1	i was truly impressed .
1	the hotel itself is beautiful .
1	definitely plan on going back there soon !
1	best hotel i have ever stayed at .
1	if pleasure ranks above money when booking your next vegas trip , stay here .
1	love it .
1	the casino is great , though do n't bother looking for $ _num_ blackjack .
1	you will thank yourself for the upgrade .
1	i love it all .
1	it 's massive !
1	the king bed was amazing and super comfortable .
1	i really enjoyed my stay here , and i will come back !
1	the wonderful young lady that styled my hair was incredible .
1	playful and funky .
1	i left there with amazing movie star hair .
1	i am just so impressed that such a young hairstylist could be so talented .
1	this place is way pricey , but boy what a treat though .
1	beautiful decor , and atmosphere .
1	contemporary , modern , exquisite and beautiful hotel .
1	we had free drinks , free deserts , and a good time !
1	wynn is as good as it gets !
1	the buffet is absolute class as well .
1	i absolutely loved this hotel/casino .
1	and it had wonderful views .
1	the wynn was the best hotel i 've ever stayed at !
1	the room , service , decor , and buffet were all fantastic !
1	amazing !
1	the view was just amazing !
1	this was our second time staying at the wynn and we love it .
1	i got a `` _num_ handed '' massage and it was incredible .
1	great job steve !
1	everything is high class or faux high class .
1	nice restaurants and lots of good dining deals with the taste of wynn menu .
1	probably a nice hotel to stay at .
1	the people were nice and everything was very plush and classy .
1	not too busy , it was wonderful , great coffee and great buffet .
1	really love the ice cream place ... actually has a great chopped salad !
1	love this hotel .
1	it 's so new , grand , and just fabulous .
1	the pool is awesome too , great music , and the service is excellent .
1	it is definitely out of my price range .
1	place is very clean , rooms are sweet and the casino is nice .
1	the pool area is clean and beautiful .
1	this was the best place i 've ever stayed in vegas !
1	can i move in please ?
1	this hotel is spectacular .
1	the service is fantastic , the food is great .
1	luxury baby !
1	the rooms were beautiful and the whole place was clean and classy .
1	the service here was top notch too .
1	i got the best massage ever here .
1	i was impressed with everything !
1	the spa & treatments are amazing .
1	the experience is really a glorious one .
1	love this place .
1	awesome restaurants as well , and the service was above and beyond .
1	beautiful hotel and casino .
1	the stores are very high end with the prices to match .
1	most fabulous _num_ star hotel in vegas !
1	las vegas style .
1	win !
1	even the restaurants in the hotel are amazing !
1	i love the big bathtub too .
1	the pool area is also amazing because the swimming pool is huge .
1	i loved it here !
1	the view was amazing and the hotel staff were very attentive .
1	this place has a great location on the strip with good room views .
1	rooms are beautiful .
1	he does have a great vision .
1	beautiful executive suite , great dining .
1	great for work conference .
1	le reve is here , one of my favorite shows ever .
1	classy place .
1	the wynn is beautiful !
1	i 'd love to stay at the wynn again !
1	everything is beautiful here .
1	of course not cheap but def worth the money and a great couples trip .
1	the most beautiful classy hotel in vegas .
1	the service , ambiance , restaurants , convenience and pool were all luxurious .
1	it also has the best clubs on the strip .
1	check out the beautiful waterfall and go golfing if you can !
1	heaven on earth .
1	held a wonderful conference here a couple months back .
1	this hotel is freaking beautiful .
1	previously , we 've had a view of the pools which are absolutely gorgeous .
1	le reve , as i 've reviewed , is fabulous !
1	it 's absolutely beautiful !
1	loved watching those falls !
1	other than that the place was great , and i will come back again .
1	definitely one of the best hotel experiences i 've had in vegas .
1	great service .
1	this place is just classy .
1	superb !
1	i loved it then in may and loved staying there in january as well .
1	heaven !
1	despite the price , this hotel remains one of my favorite .
1	this place is beautiful .
1	it is immaculate and has extremely friendly and accommodating staff .
1	the bathroom was wonderful with a deep soaking tub .
1	love it here !
1	good variety of places to eat and drink at .
1	it 's worth the price and definitely worth just visiting .
1	its pricy but worth it ... i know so far .
1	best hotel in vegas !
1	this is a really nice resort .
1	i love this hotel .
1	my favorite hotel in vegas !
1	keeping this sweet and short .
1	definitely on my top _num_ hotels to stay at in vegas .
1	didnt stay here so i cant rate the rooms .
1	i am in love !
1	decent dining options , and event the basic cafe is nice .
1	i have always had good customer service and enjoyed being at the hotel .
1	the servers , of course , come very often and are very nice .
1	i 'd definitely stay here !
1	scenic pools and the wynn buffet was very memorable .
1	our group came here to eat at the buffet and it did not disappoint .
1	this is a very nice hotel .
1	yes , plants !
1	very nice and elegant .
1	i went to gamble here and had an awesome experience !
1	was going to vegas for a bachelor party and was delightfully pleased .
1	the room was great , nice and big .
1	best hotel in vegas .
1	it was really nice , i had fun !
1	and i think a king size bed in a barn is a treat !
1	but most of all the bed is a dream come true .
1	we played our credit and had a couple of delicious chocolate martinis .
1	thank you , wynn .
1	it was fun .
1	great and beautiful hotel .
1	most beautiful hotel i have ever stayed in .
1	all the bathroom amenities were wonderful .
1	this hotel is amazing !
1	from the moment you walk in everything is beautiful .
1	absolutely sexy .
1	casino and clubs are fun but it 's way overpriced !
1	beautiful suites , very good concierge service .
1	design is wonderful , as are the rooms !
1	the view from our room was stunning .
1	the place is beautiful .
1	man , if you have the opportunity to stay here , do it !
1	beautiful , classy place .
1	steve wynn did it right when he build this place !
1	just by the day pass and enjoy the spa .
1	beautiful .
1	still a true _num_ star resort !
1	there were some great dining options and i like the clubs here .
1	breathtaking .
1	also a great buffet .
1	the wynn also has a distinctive smell as soon as you enter the hotel .
1	love this place .
1	the least we can say is that this hotel is gorgeous and very classy .
1	i want to live here !
1	the pool is the best i have ever seen .
1	housekeeping is thoughtful and thorough .
1	service is friendly almost everywhere .
1	highly recommend this hotel .
1	great hotel and even better buffet .
1	went here for my wedding anniversary .
1	cant wait to go back to the wynn a real gem in las vegas .
1	i love this place .
1	good casino .
1	amazing pool and amazing clubs .
1	everything was perfect .
1	great and so clean .
1	really , room was amazing and ... ... damn , so clean .
1	the room was beautiful .
1	i 've stayed here for personal and also business travel .
1	impressive .
1	this is my favorite hotel in las vegas .
1	the wynn is an amazing resort property .
1	went for a summer vacation and i think we found our vegas hotel .
1	this is the place !
1	enjoy .
1	beautiful property !
1	impeccable customer service !
1	beautifully decorated .
1	my room was great , the service was great , the venue is beautiful .
1	very clean and on point !
1	good customer service .
1	always clean , service is good .
1	if you can get a good deal on a room definitely stay here .
1	the pool was fantastic .
1	food was great .
1	although it 's not my favorite , it 's arguably the most elegant .
1	wow !
1	the wynn has won me over .
1	it is expensive but if you want to splurge it is worth it .
1	i enjoy walking around the hotel and looking at the fine detailing .
1	the bathrooms are awesome !
1	this is one of the best casino hotels around the vegas strip .
1	they have an excellent selection of fine dining restaurants , clubs and upscale shopping .
1	this is definitely one of the top tier destinations in vegas .
1	absolutely , hands down , the best stay in las vegas .
1	room was very spacious and comfortable .
1	la reve at the wynn theater is a great show as well .
1	i love staying here , gambling and dining on this property .
1	the buffet seemed to have cut cost but the restaurants are all wonderful .
1	the rooms are extraordinary and the views are amazing .
1	the pool is nice .
1	i loved seeing le reve there show is amazing .
1	huge rooms with bigger his and hers bathrooms .
1	i love the wynn .
1	delicious lemon drops and friendly service .
1	best hotel for me so far , everything 's great .
1	i absolutely adored my stay at the wynn .
1	great time at the wynn .
1	large airy room , attentive friendly staff and great restaurants .
1	hands down , most comfortable hotel bed ever !
1	a few great restaurants as well !
1	i love it so much .
1	i also won _num_ $ at the wynn .
1	the hotel is spectacular !
1	everything is spectacular .
1	everything is high quality .
1	service here is pretty fabulous and have good attention to detail .
1	the service at the hotel is above and beyond what you expect .
1	i highly recommend this hotel !
1	if you want luxury comfort and beauty , this is the place !
1	the decor is beautiful from one end to the other .
1	one of the best hotels and casinos on the strip .
1	love this place !
1	rooms are extremely clean and they have very friendly staff .
1	they offer unique lighting in the bathrooms for a more romantic lighting at night .
1	the staff for room service are very prompt and friendly .
1	kudos to the team @ wynn for consistent delivery of high-end , luxurious service .
1	truly amazing .
1	service was super .
1	absolutely recommended !
1	definitely will be staying here next time i come to vegas .
1	the hotel was clean and classy .
1	clean , comfortable beds , and the clubs we go to are right downstairs .
1	i like how the service is quick and good here .
1	the views are always nice in the wynn too .
1	we came here to gamble a bit and go see le ' reve .
1	lots of lights , sound , and everything .
1	always enjoy wynn and encore .
1	one of my favorite places to stay when i am in town .
1	steve wynn definitely knows what people desire in a resort .
1	five star and first class service !
1	still , the wynn sets out to impress .
1	this , my friend , is a hotel for adults .
1	living room , bedroom , huge bathroom and a terrific view .
1	great staff with plenty to do in and around the hotel property .
1	every restaurant i have tried has been impressive .
1	always have a good time here and the rooms kick ass .
1	this is a magnificent hotel to stay in vegas .
1	stunning hotel and resort .
1	we enjoyed the sunday brunch buffet and were sat in the garden .
1	the variety and quality of food was awe inspiring .
1	mm i have to say i really liked wynn .
1	overall , it was a great experience .
1	my wife and i had a great stay at the wynn .
1	also the view is absolutely amazing especially the one overlooking the mountains .
1	the best of both worlds !
1	amazing ( and more importantly , consistent ) service and amenities .
1	the view from our room was spectacular overlooking the strip .
1	the beds are the best .
1	by far the best hotel on the strip !
1	lovely hotel .
1	hotel is beautiful .
1	absolutely the best hotel in vegas .
1	every single staff member was professional and friendly .
1	best service !
1	love this hotel though !
1	won the most here i 've ever won at any casino .
1	great drinks , fast service .
1	the rooms are beautiful , especially if you can get the golf course view .
1	i would definitely come back and watch it again .
1	my favorite place to stay .
1	one of thee most beautiful hotels ever !
1	there 's free , good wifi in the public areas of the hotel .
1	beautiful flowers , architecture , and people are everywhere you turn .
1	amazing !
1	the dealers are the friendliest in vegas and the drinks are always excellent .
1	from the moment that we arrived we were made to feel welcome .
1	our whole weekend was perfection from start to finish .
1	`` pure luxury at it 's finest ! ''
1	it 's still the best hotel in las vegas .
1	maintenance and service are superb .
1	still , it 's the best .
1	it 's truly amazing fascinating .
1	beautiful hotel !
1	it was one of the best meals i 've ever had .
1	top quality food and reasonably priced .
1	you definitely get what you pay for .
1	the decor is much better and area is quieter .
1	this was a truly great hotel .
1	let me tell you i was very impressed .
1	one day , i will stay here .
1	everything is so beautiful .
1	loved this hotel !
1	they place customer service first and it shows !
1	we had our wedding at the wynn and it went perfectly !
1	the hotel is amazing nice .
1	from the amazing floral displays , to the chic shopping experience .
1	best hotel on the strip .
1	the ambiance is sophisticated .
1	have a basic king size room and it is amazing !
1	view is spectacular !
1	this hotel is outstanding .
1	great hotel .
1	first class hotel in a city with many not so first class hotels !
1	great place for a girls weekend !
1	this is a damn nice place .
1	enjoyable to be in .
1	it 's a steep one !
1	the service , the room , the noise , the everything was perfect .
1	great place !
1	our room was lovely -- large , with a great view .
1	just wanted to share my amazing experience with wynn and encore !
1	looking forward to booking our suite .
1	good service.
1	the room they gave to me was beautiful .
1	the view was great also .
1	a lot of improvements every year .
1	so gorgeous .
1	incredible service considering i was n't even a guest nor spent any money there .
1	the wynn is my favorite hotel in vegas .
1	the spa has always been wonderful .
1	this place is classy .
1	the hotel stay was great !
1	wynn nice casino .
1	nice rooms , very clean and neat .
1	super clean and the staff are very friendly .
1	both experiences were exceptional .
1	all in all , it was a great , brief stay at the wynn .
1	this is my favorite hotel to be in .
1	the rooms are pretty big and good if you are going with a group .
1	distinctive .
1	the salon suite itself was gorgeous , with a breathtaking view .
1	i love this place ... .
1	beautiful and classy , with kind and helpful employees .
1	excellent place , owner tells the truth about the economy .
1	amazing _num_ star resort .
1	what an excellent stay !
1	the pool was amazing , gorgeous !
1	well worth the price .
1	this is definitely one of my favorite my clubs in vegas .
1	it was beautiful .
1	not to mention this place is gorgeous and the food is yummy !
1	however , wynn is truly in a class of its own .
1	superb !
1	amazing !
1	i 've been at the wynn a lot what a beautiful place .
1	maybe the best .
1	today .
1	steve wynn knows what he 's doing .
1	had a fabulous time .
1	very clean .
1	elegant .
1	worth every penny .
1	the aesthetics are absolutely stunning .
1	great restaurants and hotel staff .
1	definitely a treat to stay here .
1	the service was great .
1	it is by far the best place to stay on the strip .
1	the rooms are clean and the staff is super .
1	great rooms great pools , the gaming was terrific .
1	again they managed to be very close to perfection .
1	thank you !
1	so this is my kinda spot !
1	this hotel has the best of both !
1	everything here is just beyond beautiful .
1	excellent restaurants and shopping .
1	classy and tech savvy .
1	he helped us understand craps and made the game extra fun !
1	the tower suites are beautiful , definitely recommend getting the salon room .
1	love , love , love this hotel !
1	overall , very happy with my stay and will come again for sure .
1	the hotel is super nice and the staff is courteous and welcoming .
1	i would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to everyone .
1	the rooms are super nice and the beds are super comfy .
1	i highly recommend wynn or encore for stay in las vegas .
1	superior .
1	fabulous !
1	comfortable bed , awesome views !
1	delicious !
1	stayed here last christmas !
1	very classic !
1	i love it !
1	the best hotel in las vegas so far .
1	from gambling to eating to partying , this place excels at everything .
1	my favorite hotel on the strip .
1	the rooms were clean and the hotel is always clean .
1	the view was also stunning .
1	fabulous vegas hotel with _num_ star service and accomodations .
1	if i can afford this place again , i will be back .
1	upscale place and there 's no cons .
1	top of the line .
1	classy , spacious , luxurious comfortable rooms .
1	each dish is so thoughtful and delicious .
1	we love it !
1	the staff was so helpful and nice .
1	it 's our `` happy place '' and will definitely be back .
1	thank you .
1	the entire hotel is amazingly gorgeous from floor to ceiling .
1	everyone that we have had communication with has been a total delight .
1	a lot more modern than i thought .
1	excellent hotel , great rooms and wonderful location .
1	the wynn is worth an occasional splurge .
1	the views are beautiful also .
1	beautiful hotel and accommodations .
1	i upgraded to a suite and it was amazing .
1	by far the best hotel on the strip !
1	the service , food , ambiance are all just great .
1	keep up the great work !
1	overall a great stay .
1	i always stay at the wynn .
1	we got a great deal on the room .
1	hotel is gorgeous and staff is amazing !
1	our room was stunning .
1	the theatre was very comfortable .
1	best .
1	best hotel in vegas !
1	everyone was super friendly and helpful .
1	food was great too !
1	nice hotel .
1	the place is top notch .
1	very upscale .
1	best hotel in vegas .
1	tower suites are amazing !
1	i always will stay wynn hotel .
1	their rooms are absolutely beautiful and the views are awesome .
1	really the place is gorgeous and dinner was phenomenal .
1	the wynn is a beautiful hotel .
1	staff was attentive and very gracious .
1	i stayed at the second private tower and it was really nice .
1	i had en excellent time here with my fiance .
1	fresh flowers are throughout the hotel .
1	be sure to look up and see the moving chandeliers !
1	this place is sooo great !
1	that really made my day !
1	all we can say is fantastic !
1	clean , beautiful and customer service that ca n't be beat !
1	great job steve wynn !
1	buffet there is also perfect !
1	services are very friendly .
1	i was very impressed by the space and accommodations throughout the conference .
1	they did very good with snacks during break time .
1	bathrooms were always in good order .
1	did n't score but what a nice place .
1	lovely store at mandalay bay .
1	the place is literally in a light industrial park .
1	we loved it .
1	they are packed in the shop sometimes five deep .
1	it 's well worth stopping by and checking out .
1	i enjoyed it .
1	saw a really nice old chevy being worked on .
1	neat to walk threw but the merchandise is extremely high priced .
1	they are very talented .
1	staff was extremely friendly and polite .
1	the staff is around and they are very friendly .
1	worth the short drive from the strip .
1	at count 's everyone was really cool .
1	the girl at the door was super nice and made me feel very welcome .
1	i will be back for sure !
1	the gift shop is smaller but has a nice selection .
1	the service was very good .
1	clean , interesting and the staff is very professional .
1	definitely worth the visit !
1	to see it in person was incredible .
1	i got my favorite souvenir from there .
1	thank you .
1	if you have the time , worth the trip ; if you like cars .
1	pretty cool place love the work they do .
1	if you are a fan of the show you 'll definitely enjoy it !
1	beautiful work .
1	the employees were very nice and attentive .
1	really good gift shop .
1	alot of cool stuff .
1	it was just so delicious & hot & wholesome & filling !
1	i would hit it up again .
1	this was the best meal i 've ever had .
1	anyways , they have damn good chicken .
1	believe me , the difference is astounding .
1	surprisingly shocked !
1	perfect for drunk munchies , because once again , its really cheap .
1	i love vegas !
1	it 's the best graveyard meal your $ $ $ can buy .
1	i stayed here _num_ yrs ago for a great price : a _num_ spot .
1	hip casino , nice room , good food .
1	this is a regular spot for me when i visit .
1	it was nice to see that terrible 's is a family-friendly hotel .
1	but other in my party always want to be closer to the strip .
1	fun always .
1	cafe was pretty cool .
1	loved the environment and the food here .
1	i booked everything via email and it was super easy .
1	very friendly and helpful employees in the store area .
1	; ) prices are reasonable , layout is good .
1	i 'd definitely come back here again !
1	well worth the enjoyment and experience .
1	great experience !
1	loved it !
1	we had a fantastic time !
1	food is good and service is great.
1	server matt fast and attentive !
1	service was always great and nice atmosphere .
1	seriously the best service i 've ever had .
1	and the food was delicious , best bloody mary i 've had !
1	the glasses to take home make great souvenirs !
1	great wings and try the mystery mojito !
1	the service was amazing and the food was even better !
1	the staff was very attentive and nice .
1	it truly sets you on a splendid journey to heaven !
1	: ) hope you like it too !
1	the band was entertaining and so was the crowd .
1	the hazelnut french toast was amazing and the service was all around exceptional .
1	they were juicy and so tender .
1	it was a great salad and we split everything .
1	highly recommend the wings .
1	it was so good .
1	very clean and punctual !
1	good location !
1	i loved her !
1	this place is great .
1	really an amazing place !
1	michelle wellington was so helpful and friendly .
1	i highly recommend using their storage units !
1	she made me feel comfortable renting from her .
1	great and friendly service as always .
1	the service was absolutely impeccable .
1	the sales associates are the best .
1	i will be back !
1	very clean store and lots to see !
1	i just love saks .
1	very attentive and always there to help .
1	great store .
1	great staff .
1	great selection .
1	her chanel events are a must .
1	cool crowd , good music , and cheap drinks !
1	looked like a decent bar and a good crowd .
1	from start to finish , a delightful watch buying experience .
1	more importantly , she was pleased as well .
1	i highly recommend this store .
1	tina loves her job and she is great at it .
1	so today i called signs now and spoke with tina .
1	definitely coming back .
1	not only the value , but the food itself tastes great .
1	the house brew tastes pretty good .
1	this place is the cheapest place ever !
1	any other day is great though .
1	this place is a total dive , but it a great dive .
1	the food is good ... .
1	the amount of food you get and for the price is outstanding .
1	the food even tastes good .
1	the wait is really long , but it was well worth it !
1	two words , dive casino .
1	this place is a dive with reasonable food at great prices .
1	i ordered the root beer again this time and really , really enjoyed it .
1	this is truly a little piece of heaven on earth .
1	for what you pay for ... $ _num_ , the food is great !
1	i ordered the combo plate !
1	please enjoy this well prepared food and drink at a very reasonable price .
1	the beer was also quite refreshing and good , with no bitter after taste .
1	yes , please !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	but for value , it 's a very good one .
1	the burger was good .
1	big portions and great service , too !
1	we had a great chat with elvis in the bar .
1	excellent and a great price !
1	the bbq ribs are phenomenal , along with the $ _num_ beers .
1	best ribs in vegas !
1	, competitive prices , and satisfying portions .
1	delicious food for seriously great value .
1	the horseradish sauce and au jus were great !
1	it was delicious overall .
1	it was a good night and not even too far off the strip !
1	the service was good , and the parking is plentiful .
1	best value in vegas .
1	best bbq in vegas .
1	plan to wait , but definately worth it !
1	great meal for little money .
1	done and done .
1	it 's a little lighter than a true craft amber but still good .
1	overall it 's an a+ joint !
1	great price .
1	the food is great and the price is even better .
1	the sweet but delicious bbq sauce went quick .
1	the bbq place is unbelievable , so good .
1	our waitress was very funny and the food came fast .
1	hella good and they give you a generous portion .
1	the prime rib special was on point as well .
1	i 'm a fan !
1	let me add a beer added to that price as well !
1	the best i 've found so far in vegas .
1	the food in the restaurant is really good and it is a great deal .
1	_num_ steak and eggs !
1	great prices .
1	both times i order steak and it was pretty good both times .
1	it was cooked the way i wanted it as well .
1	can you say major excitement ?
1	the steak was perfectly cooked and big .
1	love it !
1	just really well done .
1	i had the prime rib and it was pretty good .
1	i think this is a real gem !
1	i have been coming here since _num_ and i always love it .
1	the italian dressing was really tasty .
1	most of the staff are really nice as well .
1	my hubby likes to come here at least once for their breakfast foods .
1	our server was excellent , steak cooked just right and tasty .
1	this will be one of our regular stops when we visit .
1	if you have another spot please share .
1	you can even use points !
1	also had the best root beer in the world !
1	but the steak is well made , juicy , and totally worth it .
1	the ribs were good !
1	the menu is simple and i liked that .
1	the steak was tender and juicy !
1	incredible !
1	service is good and ambiance was nice .
1	wow , that 's a deal !
1	i had ordered it with extra crispy bacon on the side .
1	karaoke is awesome too !
1	and fresh bbq ... it is just perfect !
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	grace , our server was delightful !
1	best breakfast after a night out .
1	wonderful hamburgers , too .
1	as far as good eats and cheap prices , this place is great .
1	a great place to start or end the night .
1	this place is a must see .
1	amazing ribs .
1	great beer , great prices and wonderful employees .
1	manny - see you next year .
1	overall , friendly staff .
1	the crowd here is usually laid back and calm older but nice people .
1	i enjoy the chicken fried chicken which is excellent .
1	awesome spot in vegas .
1	server was very nice .
1	this deal is the best one in vegas as far as food goes .
1	seriously this place is a gem .
1	2nd , they have a good deal on their bbq .
1	best place in las vegas to eat !
1	our waitress grace was a delight , smiling , and more than attentive .
1	wow .
1	they open at 4pm and it pays to get there early .
1	really , really good bbq ribs and chicken .
1	cafe yay !
1	it 's really good .
1	steak is always cooked to order .
1	you cant beat it .
1	so so good .
1	such a good deal .
1	food is decent for the price but nothing super amazing .
1	best ribs around .
1	my experience was great !
1	at least i know that i can count on ellis island !
1	please plan accordingly .
1	thank you , yelp !
1	everything i have tried has been great .
1	both were very good .
1	wow !
1	local prices for local people and its just behind bally 's parking lot .
1	great value for a no-frills prime rib dinner .
1	hey if you love prime rib , this is the place for you .
1	all in all it was a great experience to what vegas is to locals .
1	super chill .
1	craft brewed beers , super old school .
1	the steaks and beef are very good too .
1	the food is really filling and the home fries are amazing .
1	cool place for drinks food and fun !
1	best deal on a prime rib dinner i 've had in a long time .
1	this place is a winner !
1	the hidden gem of las vegas .
1	its so good when it hits your lips !
1	did some gambling and won a little bit .
1	one of the best deals in vegas !
1	steak dinner was excellent !
1	amazing karaoke every night !
1	delicious meal , super friendly folks .
1	had the steak special .
1	had a great time and a great meal .
1	good for that one day , but good for the entire table .
1	the root beer floats are so freaking good !
1	quite a fun place .
1	service was excellent .
1	great food and drink value .
1	and it 's sooo well made and they taste delicious .
1	beer is awesome !
1	the beer is very good and priced just right .
1	not to mention my family won a couple hundred bucks on the craps table !
1	the parking sucks but besides that this place is super cool !
1	the prices on beer are outstanding !
1	wow this place is fun !
1	got ta arrive early to put your name on the list .
1	one coupon works for entire party .
1	amazing !
1	i do n't drink beer but my man liked it .
1	the dj travis was fantastic .
1	i recommend their bbq which is open 4pm to 10pm .
1	so much fun !
1	the karaoke in the lounge was a blast !
1	it was a bit greasy , but it tasted so damn good .
1	best place in vegas !
1	food is great - beers are cheap !
1	one of the best microbrews in las vegas .
1	divey and delicious bbq .
1	friendly staff .
1	beer was good .
1	prices were great .
1	best deal in vegas .
1	right behind the strip next to a super _num_ motel .
1	it is about the cheapest you can get on the strip .
1	clean , basic restaurant with good food , service and a great price .
1	lots of great changes at this past in the last couple years .
1	the ribs are yummy , not amazing , but very very good .
1	the food was great !
1	the wait does get crazy long sometimes but it 's worth it .
1	the food is very good and very reasonable .
1	the root beer is delicious too !
1	thats a win in my book already !
1	i forgot our waitresses name but she was so nice and sweet !
1	this is the best casino and the best brewery in las vegas .
1	they have great beers , personally the stout is the best option .
1	they have plenty of _num_ slots to kill time on .
1	love this place .
1	the prices are fair and the food is good .
1	the location is slightly off the strip but it is easy to get to .
1	good selection of brews .
1	a small , local casino .
1	hands down the best meal value in vegas .
1	pieces of meat are very good and the servings are good sizes .
1	best steak and eggs ever .
1	great beer !
1	you can seriously eat one meal a day here .
1	best root beer ever !
1	an open blackjack table and karaoke !
1	some amazing singers and some more ... performance than acoustic .
1	the prime rib dinner was a fantastic value !
1	huge portions and tasty .
1	our waitress is so delightful and attentive .
1	it was absolutely delicious !
1	he loved the homemade root beer .
1	totally love this casino !
1	steak and eggs for breakfast was excellent .
1	the dinner special was even more incredible .
1	what a best kept secret .
1	great ribs and chicken plate .
1	large serving and well made .
1	what a gem !
1	so affordable and so delicious .
1	excellent food , beer and gaming .
1	the steak meal was amazing .
1	good steak , great prime rib option too .
1	it was a fun eating gambling and drinking experience .
1	go , it 's worth the trip !
1	great all american breakfast firm two about $ _num_ .
1	thanks for fulfilling the need of food after long questionable nights in vegas .
1	beans are good cole slaw good !
1	excellent !
1	this spot reminds me of a dive bar back home .
1	wow ... .
1	good service ... .
1	thanks .
1	and it 's wonderful .
1	it came out well done and he did n't finish it .
1	good luck finding casino food with the sort of price tag .
1	love this place , it can get very busy .
1	but worth the wait .
1	love coming to this place !
1	great food at great prices !
1	for $ _num_ , that 's a nice , filling meal .
1	i always wondered where karaoke was in vegas , and now i know !
1	their cocktails are strong , good news folks !
1	the food is great and the beer is fantastic .
1	ate at the bbq place inside and it was amazingly good !
1	win win .
1	this is our favorite go to place to eat in vegas .
1	we are locals and we love it here .
1	we won enough to pay for the meal and leave with extra .
1	love this place !
1	the food is delicious - especially the ribs and pizza .
1	great place for barbecue !
1	it 's a great value all-around !
1	i have been many times over the years and the food is consistantly wonderful .
1	great night for $ _num_ !
1	nate and tiffany were great !
1	very good beer and barbeque .
1	they were incredibly nice , talented , and professional .
1	this is a great little hidden gem .
1	not so great .
1	well , nobody is perfect .
1	fun fun fun !
1	amazing value !
1	refreshing change from the strip .
1	with that said , we will be back when we return to vegas !
1	this is my favorite dive casino in vegas .
1	this is my favorite place to eat , drink , and gamble in vegas !
1	i had the shrimp scampi and was delicious !
1	super cheap and very good !
1	beer is great !
1	you come to this locals spot for the beers and greasy diner .
1	this review is mainly for the brewery .
1	fish n chips are good .
1	ellis island is a hidden gem of las vegas .
1	its great service with a great price .
1	i sampled the fish and was thoroughly impressed .
1	service was pretty good here .
1	free entertainment with every meal .
1	we walked right in , service was great , _num_ oz .
1	make sure you sit on the right side !
1	all you need to know is _num_ steak and eggs special .
1	friendly staff !
1	the sirloin steak was phenomenal too .
1	and nicely priced .
1	awesome awesome awesome !
1	service is great .
1	yes please !
1	we went for the steak & eggs - excellent !
1	worth it !
1	we searched for a good home style breakfast spot .
1	nice family friendly and clean restaurant .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	this place is a gem located about two blocks east of the strip .
1	great food .
1	played back and away from all the crowds .
1	it 's so affordable and consistently good .
1	delicious !
1	cooked well , great service , delicious meal .
1	overall a great meal , will recommend and will be back !
1	a large beer is around $ _num_ , and their brewery is totally decent .
1	thanks to yelp we found this hidden treasure !
1	the prime rib is perfect along with the hamburgers .
1	everything was so delicious .
1	the prices are the best part .
1	great old style vegas breakfast special for $ _num_ .
1	very solid cafe food at great prices especially the uber popular steak special .
1	it was tasty .
1	good portions , great taste .
1	best food for the price .
1	the food was great , the servers were friendly and attentive .
1	i was very pleased with the selection of meals offered and the service .
1	casino is small but clean .
1	this is the very best breakfast that we had while in las vegas .
1	got their craft beer for a couple bucks .
1	small town feel .
1	service from my female bartender and server was friendly and polite .
1	i got to play for some time for free !
1	absolutely the best breakfast deal in town .
1	buffalo wings were cooked just right with the right amount of sauce and spice .
1	this place is a hidden gem !
1	the prime rib is where it 's at !
1	i found this on yelp , and i 'm so glad i did !
1	such a great deal and such a good meal !
1	food was good .
1	beer was good .
1	quite surprisingly for being behind the strip they have some pretty good deals .
1	there steak feature or special was fantastic the casino is great !
1	best bang for your buck in town for old school inexpensive vegas food .
1	my all time fave are the steak sandwich and the prime rib .
1	everyone was very friendly .
1	the food was very delicious .
1	love this place for a great steak !
1	not one of those skinny ass steaks a nice _num_ oz steak cook perfect .
1	burger and fries are delicious , would eat again .
1	best deal around .
1	it was so good we went twice .
1	after dinner we went to the karaoke bar , best crowd ever !
1	great prices , great bbq and home brew .
1	the quality of the food exceeded expectations .
1	the rib was cooked perfect and very high quality .
1	great food and our waiter was awesome !
1	loves this place !
1	the service was good and quick .
1	if you are traveling here , you should definitely check this place out .
1	best night ever !
1	a gem !
1	great beer and root beer , all brewed on site .
1	we will come back !
1	plus the price was decent for the amount of food i got .
1	very fun place !
1	bar staff is very friendly and quick to remember you .
1	dimly lit for whatever reason , but food was good .
1	we had so much fun !
1	they were great !
1	love this place .
1	good food for breakfast lunch or dinner .
1	ribs are perfect every time , though one time they came out cold .
1	will come here again !
1	if we come back to vegas , we will definitely come back here .
1	good food , great prices .
1	eggs were perfect .
1	very good , fast service , reasonably priced .
1	other than that it was a great experience and definitely affordable .
1	just had the prime rib and all i can say is `` wow '' .
1	it was so tender and flavorful .
1	we recommend this to anyone going to las vegas !
1	totally enjoy every meal and the price was right .
1	a lot of different variety on the menu .
1	we shared the fudge brownie sundae and it was so good !
1	good for the price .
1	ps : go before 11am for this special !
1	my favorite is the full rack of ribs .
1	highly recommended !
1	i had the chicken parm and it was delicious .
1	your credit card will thank you later .
1	this place is the best food for your dollar in vegas .
1	ellis is better .
1	great prices .
1	decent steak , killer price .
1	good value breakfast !
1	nice folks .
1	great price .
1	i 've always just tried the steak dishes and they 're good .
1	i will definitely come back here when in vegas .
1	i got the prime rib special and it was outstanding .
1	absolutely the best prime rib value near the strip .
1	ellis has been a local dive bar for years .
1	it was an excellent bbq with great prices .
1	we will definitely go again next time we are in town .
1	came to this place right behind the strip .
1	the food was decent and the price was great .
1	first time there and had a great time .
1	karaoke is fun and nobody cares if you sing good or not !
1	love the onion rings .
1	barbecue pit has huge , tasty food !
1	service was great .
1	beer was well priced .
1	the food is on point as well .
1	also the food is amazing , watch out for the karaoke lol .
1	we were impressed !
1	it was super good !
1	it was delicious and you absolutely can not beat the prices .
1	delicious and generous !
1	fairly good service : they were very busy .
1	the steak was pretty good and the fries are highly recommended .
1	i love this place over all .
1	i hit the jackpot .
1	this is my new fav spot .
1	one of the best values just off the strip .
1	ate at the bbq and was pleasantly surprised .
1	limited menu but very good value .
1	will drop into this place again when i 'm back in vegas .
1	what a hidden gem !
1	great $ _num_ steak .
1	the steak and eggs for $ _num_ is delicious !
1	it is the best deal in town .
1	perfect for the `` get in , get out '' type .
1	she is awesome !
1	the food is excellent for the price .
1	i really enjoyed my visit to ellis island !
1	and great prices too .
1	had so much fun .
1	eggs cooked perfectly !
1	wow !
1	i found this lil gem on yelp ... the reviews did not disappoint .
1	i can happily recommend this medical care facility to one and all .
1	thanks strip liquor !
1	i enjoyed my time in this store its clean & has fast service .
1	great service thanks !
1	very friendly staff , they really go above and beyond .
1	lots of `` hands on '' looking , which is kind of cool .
1	thanks !
1	he tested both of my systems !
1	jeff young has worked on my guitars and is wonderful .
1	my experiences there have always been awesome and always a good experience .
1	fantastic customer service by jill .
1	this is probably the best music store in town .
1	not the best indian i have ever had but definitely solid food .
1	amazing food and beautiful decor .
1	really enjoyed my visit and will definitely go again !
1	the service is excellent !
1	price .
1	great interior .
1	i have only eaten the lunch buffet which is good .
1	the food was delicious and i thoroughly enjoyed every dish .
1	the best thing is that the waiters are very friendly and are very conversational .
1	awesome customer service .
1	i had a great experience when i ate here a few days ago .
1	lamb curry was tender and delicious .
1	good stuff .
1	good value for your buck .
1	this place is awesome and so far the best indian restaurant in las vegas .
1	i have to say that the good was decent .
1	food tastes great , even better customer service and great atmosphere .
1	love this place , just wish i could afford to eat here more .
1	absolutely love it !
1	awesome .
1	tikka masala is one of the best i 've had .
1	every visit is always better than the last and the food tastes amazing .
1	all in all , i love it .
1	super friendly staff .
1	plus crystal , one of the servers is amazing .
1	it is a good stop for vegetarians like me .
1	incredible service everytime !
1	this place has a wonderful atmosphere , i never leave disappointed .
1	great family owned business .
1	this was the best meal i have eaten in ages !
1	the ambiance is fantastic and the service was even better !
1	crystal h. was our waitress and she was wonderful !
1	so good !
1	everything taste so perfect as if its like melting in mouth and excellent service .
1	we enjoyed the food and service .
1	everything tasted so good .
1	i will highly recommend this place .
1	very good food at a great price and the staff was very friendly .
1	i 'm a vegetarian and love eating indian food .
1	the service was wonderful .
1	our service was excellent .
1	last night i walked out happy for the first time !
1	i am so happy that they have changed their quality and approach .
1	just loved everything about this experience .
1	crystal was an amazing server !
1	she gave us fantastic recommendations for vegan dishes and was very pleasant and attentive .
1	definitely worth a visit if you are in vegas .
1	one of the best restaurants in las vegas !
1	impressive selection of dishes , buffett style .
1	the food is exceptionally good .
1	the best indian food in town .
1	he did a great job and had best fish .
1	will definitely be bringing my friends here .
1	excellent service with mind blowing food .
1	food was good but the service was outstanding !
1	the food , oh man , it 's good .
1	real good .
1	nice selection in the buffet .
1	really good food !
1	very helpful , kind and friendly .
1	i really enjoy playing _num_ .
1	the cocktail service is actually really good here , they come by often .
1	the finest casino in las vegas .
1	i love this place !
1	staff is great !
1	i played on _num_ for a good hour and had a good time .
1	the drinks are fine though .
1	it is a nice little break from the mcdonald 's dollar menu !
1	i think i won money ... .
1	loved spending time here .
1	the price .
1	very nice property .
1	i only saw the front dining room but i was well impressed .
1	they are kind , accommodating and very easy to work with .
1	the ceremony and reception at the las vegas country club was beautiful .
1	a little pricey but the food is great especially the salad !
1	waitress was fast and nice .
1	our waitress , bj , was excellent .
1	the waitress knew them by name and they seemed to feel right at home .
1	my food came quickly and was cooked perfectly .
1	food is always great .
1	nice old school feel in the heart of las vegas .
1	this is one of my favorite courses in las vegas .
1	we paid $ _num_ and i thought that was good value .
1	quality and service was excellent .
1	these guys are awesome very courteous and professional .
1	mark the group sales guy is awesome .
1	pace of play was outstanding .
1	the food was outstanding !
1	we had fun and will be back for another .
1	the best feature of this course is the staff .
1	great liquor store with great close to the strip prices .
1	however , i loved this place !
1	i have to say - i am a fan !
1	a great place to wake up hungover .
1	the beds are very comfortable .
1	cant beat the price .
1	if your traveling for business then this place is n't a bad choice .
1	for the price we paid for a suite it was definitely good !
1	the pool is small but nice .
1	i definitely recommend this place to party .
1	looking forward to my next trip here as we always have a blast !
1	for an old hotel , the pool area is great .
1	casino is fine .
1	i always have fun here - even when i am not winning .
1	it 's just a fun place .
1	this place is wonderful , we had an updated room with a pool view .
1	wonderful experience !
1	great time .
1	great pitt boss , dealers , and waitresses .
1	front desk staff was friendly and efficient .
1	played some blackjack and won a ton of money , which was good .
1	the casino was okay , i had fun in there .
1	the staff was wonderful and very friendly .
1	the rooms have pretty new showers , and nice big flat screen tvs .
1	everyone was friendly and courteous , and i had fun in the casino .
1	service was world class .
1	the hotel staff were all very friendly .
1	the staff are wonderful and they want you to return .
1	the rooms are updated and clean .
1	i 'd definitely stay here again .
1	we will definitely stay here again .
1	all things considered , awesome for us .
1	will be back !
1	i always stay at the riviera .
1	food court also had a nice selection of places to eat .
1	awesome .
1	it was hilarious .
1	i will definitely stay here again .
1	well kept and clean .
1	great venue !
1	so long my good friend !
1	you will be missed greatly riviera and thank you for the memories !
1	i loved it here .
1	my mom won though .
1	loved that not a lot of people were around .
1	i had such a good experience .
1	they had a great pool !
1	i love it !
1	excellent .
1	great work !
1	nice work , don 's .
1	its great to have a mechanic i trust !
1	very fair price and detail oriented .
1	perfect combination for panic when you 're driving through the desert , right ?
1	had a great experience .
1	i felt compelled to buy something that day .
1	$ _num_ might be a little high but it was well worth it .
1	but other than that , tasty food .
1	food came out quick and was super tasty !
1	the greek salad was fresh and filling with the gyro perfectly seasoned and cooked .
1	very nice staff .
1	the subtle flavors and spices in the lamb were amazing .
1	highly recommended .
1	it was very tasty and the meat was tender and juicy .
1	i have also never had a gyro without lettuce but this was good .
1	i love the gyro !
1	great new renovated pool and laundry facilities on site !
1	the front office was very nice and answered all of my questions .
1	i keep coming back for treatment because he is best in the business .
1	highly recommended .
1	he was also really funny .
1	he has excellent bedside manner and is very knowledgeable .
1	would definitely recommend .
1	well done !
1	i highly recommend advanced dermatology .
1	this is probably my favorite bar in las vegas !
1	this became my go to spot to meet my friends .
1	my family also goes to him .
1	also , it takes months to make an appointment .
1	i highly recommend her as a primary care doctor .
1	the staff has always been nice to me .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
1	quality .
1	i loved my visit to this store !
1	they will make sure what you buy is the perfect fit for you .
1	thank you so much for great customer service it honestly means a lot !
1	oh so pretty !
1	fantastic service at this store .
1	she was very thorough and professional .
1	hmmm ... very interesting .
1	yes , this place will greet you with it 's awesomeness .
1	so so overwhelmed .
1	very spacious !
1	beautiful , nice , new , air conditioned , immaculate store !
1	good location - center strip at the venetian .
1	love the store .
1	this sephora is really nice .
1	nick did a fantastic job on my eyes .
1	this place is awesome !
1	ohhh how i love this place !
1	this is one of the best locations i have been to .
1	service is pretty good .
1	the rest of the staff was also very helpful and accommodating .
1	i tried out at home and loved it !
1	sephora is always great !
1	great customer service experience .
1	being able to try out products before dropping some big bucks is always nice !
1	i got color matched by taylor , and he was so helpful .
1	and is fabulous at her job !
1	she is definitely a wonderful asset to your company !
1	i love sephora .
1	better service at mac .
1	i dropped all of my stuff on the floor & everyone came to help .
1	she helped correct this over the telephone .
1	super helpful !
1	good value for the price .
1	i went to purchase a suit and received great service .
1	they also measured me and had great customer service .
1	the salesperson also walked us over to suits and ties and helped us there .
1	we received real personal service .
1	i love this club !
1	will def stay here again .
1	for a really basic hotel , this place was great .
1	we were extremely happy with our stay !
1	clean room , spacious , okay view and chill atmosphere at the pool .
1	we will definitely use this hotel again when we come back .
1	this woman is magical and very knowledgable .
1	it is all silver plated .
1	it is very warming .
1	that is always a good start when walking to places like this .
1	service has always been stellar , with much individual attention .
1	and , preparation of ordered eyewear has always been quick .
1	the onion rings & fries are good .
1	their burger with the fried egg and bacon is so juicy and delicious .
1	just went here and i loved it !
1	friendly staff .
1	excellent work and honest service .
1	he somehow got it from california next day .
1	the pools here are nice , and less crowded than some other hotels .
1	big improvement over what was here before .
1	lot 's of fun play and great shops .
1	the service was friendly , and the room service food was actually very good .
1	besides that , the mall was large and pleasant .
1	i was quite impressed with the room i had at the aladdin .
1	it is just the right amount and will satisfy your taste buds !
1	it 's a shame that this place closed down in stratosphere .
1	they had the most delicious deep dish pizza .
1	they were open late and always hit the spot .
1	unexpected stay for a night .
1	he was very professional .
1	to my surprise it was nice and the price was right .
1	clean room , comfortable .
1	my friends and i went there a lot during our trip to vegas .
1	they both have fantastic things to offer .
1	freshly made , so juicy .
1	these burgers are delicious .
1	affordable and tasty ... also , the location is pretty much tops .
1	always good and late nite is the best time to chow !
1	pretty interesting crowd but staff seemed to be on the ball .
1	loved them too !
1	what probably gives it an interesting touch is the relish .
1	juicy , nice size , well cooked .
1	not the best , but a good , solid burger nonetheless .
1	this burgers are always juicy and perfectly melts in your mouth .
1	the best burger i have ever had in my life !
1	i love to eat .
1	wow what a great burger .
1	oh yeah the food .
1	the bf got the chili cheese fries and said they were really good .
1	it was great .
1	their regular burger is quite good .
1	burgers are awesome !
1	okay , i was impressed by fatburger .
1	came here last night and i must say that i was really impressed .
1	btw fries are extremely hot , so eat with caution .
1	best burger joint i have been to .
1	the line although long , moved rather quickly .
1	my mom got a chocolate shake and that was pretty good too .
1	i love it because its just a down right good greasy fast food burger .
1	so good !
1	and dam was it good .
1	man very good burgers , fat fries are great .
1	it 's always packed !
1	definitely worth the wait .
1	customers made the wait fun !
1	it was the best hungover meal ever !
1	we happened to notice fatburger when going down the vegas strip .
1	i was happy i did .
1	big ... juicy ... messy ... .
1	perfect !
1	loved the medium size burger with the fries .
1	it was really good .
1	for vegetarians on the vegas strip , this is a good pick !
1	we had a group of about fifteen and the service was great .
1	the burgers here are really good .
1	everything is made to order and comes to the table hot and fresh .
1	eat here every time i 'm in vegas and love it .
1	ca n't wait til the next trip !
1	this is funny and the truth ... i do n't remember eating here .
1	topped to your liking .
1	best burgers , fantastic atmosphere , phenomenal shakes and fries .
1	definitely enough to share !
1	a great place for a fun night with friends .
1	great burger and fat fries !
1	a decent meal and a yummy conclusion to a hectic friday night .
1	i really enjoyed the burger joint .
1	the burgers and fries are great .
1	the bar is good and cosy great service .
1	our bartender was nice and fast .
1	the drinks were great and really , how could you go wrong with burgers ?
1	the staff was really nice too !
1	stopped here with a groupon and super glad i did .
1	they are a must while staying on the strip in las vegas .
1	wow - first time at fatburger and it was awesome !
1	probably one of the best burgers i 've ever had .
1	friendly quick staff .
1	everything was extra hot when they served it to us !
1	they were quite tasty and juicy !
1	the burger was fresh and tasty !
1	i had the turkey burger and it actually tasted really good .
1	it was really nice .
1	service was good .
1	food was amazing .
1	but a solid choice in the strip .
1	it was so good !
1	place was packed and me and my boyfriend got our food asap !
1	the burger was well seasoned and the prices are reasonable .
1	i will definitely eat at this place when i visit vegas again !
1	shared triple burger with my wife and had perfect people watching over the strip !
1	the staff was very nice .
1	it is one of my favorite burger spots .
1	it 's an experience i enjoy every visit and you should too .
1	good price , fast service and traditional amazing burger .
1	awesome burgers !
1	a little bit pricey than a typical burger but worth it .
1	loved it .
1	my absolute favorite burger joint ever .
1	great burgers ... ... maybe because i was drink .
1	it was such a great place we went back for breakfast .
1	great late night spot to get your drunken eating on .
1	by far one of the best places on the strip so far !
1	my boyfriend loved this spot .
1	the food tasted great and we both left feeling full and not over stuffed .
1	i went back about 10pm and got another one i liked it so much .
1	loved the medium fat burger and onion rings .
1	but totally worth it if you do !
1	i got a medium with chili and cheese .
1	big thanks to the fellow who helped us !
1	he made us feel very welcomed !
1	by far my fave burger joint , ever !
1	the burgers were soooo good !
1	and the price was soooo good !
1	used to be the best burger joint on the strip pre shake shack .
1	great service .
1	he was very knowledgeable and super fun .
1	the burgers were delicious along with the chilly cheese fries !
1	the burger was delicious !
1	one of the most memorable vacation or days in my life .
1	we did the grand celebration tour .
1	we did a helicopter ride to the grand canyon .
1	great experience .
1	even lunch was very good .
1	we turned back and we got a refund .
1	we took the `` grand canyon deluxe with helicopter '' tour .
1	the trip was amazing .
1	trip was awesome !
1	our pilot was very professional , informative and made the experience great .
1	he was so excited that he is going to back and take his wife .
1	i 'm so glad we added the grand canyon helicopter tour to our list !
1	seeing the strip so close up on the return trip was beyond cool .
1	great trip to the canyon floor at sunset .
1	the service was exceptional ... taking care of us at every point .
1	so worth it !
1	yes it was a little pricey but it was well worth it !
1	it is pricey but worth every cent !
1	worth every penny !
1	my father and i had a great time on this tour .
1	the helicopter ride was great , and our pilot was awesome .
1	fantastic .
1	worth the extra to land .
1	the staff were very professional and very attentive to our questions .
1	money well spent !
1	thanks , mike for a truly memorable experience !
1	matt was our pilot and he was great !
1	the generally very safe and reliable all very professional truth .
1	did the grand celebration tour and absolutely loved it !
1	wow !
1	just wow !
1	excellent service and an experience you will never forget .
1	diana was a great pilot !
1	i love the green m & m !
1	it goes up and up and up .
1	this place was like a huge toy land .
1	pretty cool place , but hella crowded .
1	great store .
1	not only are these delicious , but they 're beautifully colored .
1	i enjoyed my visit here .
1	over priced merchandise , candy and one of a kind souvenirs .
1	the wall of m & ms is freakin sweet !
1	their pricing are reasonable !
1	you must visit !
1	there is a 3d movie as well , which i did n't see .
1	really neat store !
1	can you tell hat my favorite color is ?
1	i loved their concept .
1	they loved picking out some gifts for friends .
1	this unforgettable quote is pretty much how i felt when i visited the store .
1	the kids had great fun and it was free !
1	i got free samples of their new chocolate and a picture with yellow .
1	i love this place .
1	i promise !
1	you will come out with a giant smile on your face .
1	fun experience , personalized m & m 's for our little ones !
1	i loved this store .
1	the movie is pretty funny and enjoyable .
1	my kids loved that part , okay i did too .
1	i almost forgot to mention the candy madness .
1	look for your favorite color and enjoy .
1	i got a yellow m & m 's luggage tag and i love it .
1	i love m & m world !
1	i love coming here whenever we are on the strip .
1	this place is amazing !
1	see the 3d movie .
1	there was so much to look at !
1	in all a good atmosphere to be in .
1	it is indeed a world of its own .
1	if you are a fan of chocolate , you will love this .
1	i love going here !
1	before i moved here , my parents took me to check it out .
1	well it just might be here !
1	this was a really fun place to visit .
1	the kids really enjoyed this store .
1	, but i have to say that this place is very nice .
1	it 's fun to watch everyone go crazy for this .
1	perfect !
1	worth a visit , especially if you have wee ones .
1	i had lots of fun coming in here .
1	it 's a good place to visit when you 're waiting for someone .
1	great for kids !
1	it 's just so beautiful that you ca n't resist not going here !
1	one of my favorite shop on the strip !
1	_num_ levels of fun for all ages .
1	the merchandise is really neat and creative .
1	it 's a fun shop to browse and do some spending .
1	i came here and thoroughly enjoyed myself .
1	you can choose some of them , would be a great gift !
1	its a must see in vegas !
1	wow , this shop is great !
1	always a great place to visit .
1	it 's a very cute store .
1	also has a great selection of ironic shirts and race car jackets .
1	i died and went to chocolate heaven ... this store is great !
1	fun to go in once .
1	such great fun !
1	we were all happy .
1	our family really enjoyed the 3d show that was for free .
1	very interesting , i feel like a kid again by going in there .
1	worth a visit if you are in vegas .
1	we made our own custom m & ms which was so fun !
1	the kids loved it .
1	fun place to visit .
1	he children enjoyed themselves and all the colorful m & m 's .
1	its a cool tourist attraction with very helpful staff and fun activities .
1	my boyfriend and i had the best time here !
1	does get extremely crowded so i recommend going early am or late at night .
1	they enjoyed themselves .
1	it 's the name that makes it special .
1	all the merchandise is pretty cool and the video for kids is fun !
1	cute stuff !
1	this place was packed with people .
1	kids games on top floor !
1	very nice place to take kids and people who collect m & ms .
1	the food greatly exceeded my expectations !
1	beers were only $ _num_ , which is an amazing deal in this town !
1	this place could easily become my new favorite bar .
1	had the pizza and wing special , tasty and very inexpensive .
1	love this place !
1	if you are looking for a good bar , pretty ladies and great food .
1	asian ahi salad !
1	this a great place .
1	i will be back again !
1	the manager is always taking care of us and his team .
1	the food is amazing .
1	the food here is spectacular .
1	had a wonderful time at bj 's .
1	thank you courtney !
1	ryan was an amazing bartender !
1	thanks , cheese , for being so awesome and delicious !
1	fabulous , fabulous .
1	great dj !
1	it 's pretty big inside and there are _num_ rooms of music !
1	definitely a fun place !
1	the decor of drai 's has a really intimate vibe with everything being red !
1	no cover , free drinks , great club , fun times !
1	i will always love drai 's .
1	drai 's is the best after hours spot in vegas .
1	bring it on !
1	love drai 's !
1	omg !
1	i love the style of this after hour spot .
1	frequent drinks .
1	i just discovered the hip hop room .
1	folks ... drais is arguably my favorite place in the world .
1	this place has stood the test of time and generations .
1	pretty cool place and a pretty good time ... for me at least .
1	seriously this club saved the night !
1	damn i love this place .
1	stay sexy , drais .
1	best after hours club in vegas .
1	sooo fun .
1	very fun .
1	i love the crowd that comes here .
1	this place really brings that feel when i go to drais .
1	service is good and multiple dance rooms , so the choice is your 's .
1	loved this place !
1	good times lie inside !
1	the after hours spot to be at !
1	good music , fun people and definitely really nice staff .
1	we had amazing service .
1	neat !
1	a must see if you are still up for dancing .
1	always a good time .
1	they played the best hip hop next to the blue martini on wednesday nights .
1	good job drais .
1	people were beautiful , dancing and having fun .
1	ca n't wait to go back !
1	the far back room consisted of hip hop .
1	the dj 's were excellent in both rooms which really played a key factor !
1	we live just down the road so this is the ideal place .
1	great for small and large groups .
1	it 's nice they have a hip hip room !
1	and the crowd is pretty good and mixed .
1	i have to say the vibe is great .
1	_num_ rooms filled with great music ( house & hip hop ) .
1	staff is very helpful .
1	it is a very unique experience with an awesome atmosphere .
1	tucked away at bally 's , it 's right by bellagio and cosmo .
1	i like how they moved to bally 's .
1	the music is great here .
1	i highly recommend this place if you want to keep partying until morning .
1	my favorite part is the taxi line since there 's never a wait .
1	diverse , friendly crowd .
1	the vibe is pretty kick back .
1	hot women everywhere .
1	crowd is diverse .
1	everyone is friendly .
1	awesome party spot and it stays open until _num_ am .
1	music is great and so are the drinks .
1	looks amazing !
1	my friend and i loved this place .
1	the crowd was also pretty chill and nice at drais which i enjoyed .
1	love it !
1	best after hours spot in vegas .
1	big dance floor , great music and great view of the city .
1	nice stiff drinks for decent price .
1	i was thoroughly happy with the entire experience here .
1	they did a fine job .
1	we had a great time together and the nail technicians were fab .
1	lisa took me right back and helped me find the perfect gold polish .
1	we love this store .
1	they also have karaoke which has provided me with hours of great entertainment !
1	great for decent chow at a good price , and super karaoke !
1	hilarious and awesome karaoke .
1	great little bar in a convenient college location .
1	an amazing , diverse clientele make anyone feel welcome .
1	i recommend it .
1	i love champagne 's because it always feels like home .
1	real people , real good drinks .
1	it is comfortable .
1	nice place to people watch at all hours of the day and night .
1	i really like this place .
1	a relaxed dive atmosphere .
1	this is my favorite little dive in vegas .
1	awesome .
1	chris the bartender always makes my night !
1	right down to the plastic red bar stools and booths .
1	see the great karaoke and great singers like anna .
1	great drinks and pbr on tap !
1	we brought our canadian friends tonight !
1	this place is for real .
1	awesome !
1	i love it .
1	we came in as tourists and felt right at home .
1	got ta say , i was highly impressed with the service !
1	def one of my new favorite dive bars in this city so far !
1	always amazing bartenders and service .
1	this place is great !
1	it is a great dive bar with a fun karaoke night .
1	if you want seedy , you got it .
1	i really like the place and the atmosphere .
1	she was very friendly and knowledgable .
1	it was one of the best drinks i 've ever had !
1	had a great experience last night .
1	i ca n't wait to come here again , the hangover was worth it !
1	this is one of the best pet stores i have been to .
1	also , denny 's is right next door .
1	definitely a destination for the rowdy crowd .
1	love it .
1	casino royale is a great place to go play craps .
1	super friendly and really got into it .
1	right here !
1	best dealers in vegas !
1	this is what you call a freakin hidden gem !
1	plus , the place is pretty laid back and bar staff is pretty friendly .
1	thanks john !
1	im stoked i found out about this place because i will be back .
1	my favorite gambling spot on the strip .
1	had to hit this place up again this year !
1	the dealers were a mix of fun and serious .
1	oh my gosh , this is my favorite dive casino in the world .
1	good thing the guy had left .
1	always fun .
1	a good place to play craps .
1	this place houses the just okay , extremely skinny , foot long hot dogs .
1	i always have a great time here .
1	for the price it 's a good deal .
1	the room was really nice and the guest services were very friendly and helpful .
1	definitely staying here again .
1	it makes your gambling budget last longer and the dealers are definitely interesting .
1	i met the most interesting and sometimes weird people i 'd ever met .
1	works out well .
1	i played a lot of craps here and had a blast .
1	fun gambling with $ _num_ tables .
1	i am very pleased with my stay here .
1	helpful staff and nice rooms for a reasonable price !
1	wow !
1	bartenders are quite cool and friendly .
1	the casino is a outstanding .
1	we have two rooms booked - both are very clean & nice looking .
1	they have renovated the hotel and it is a okay .
1	decent hotel very convenient with plenty of food and gaming options .
1	awesome all the way around !
1	he literally saved my life !
1	this place is the best .
1	his margarita 's are amazing and his service is even better !
1	it was quiet enough to talk business in a relaxed atmosphere .
1	also enjoyed catching the sports updates with tv all around !
1	both are very prompt and give great lunch service .
1	great place not far from the strip that has great value .
1	check it out .
1	our favorite local door when we do n't feel like cooking at home .
1	the service here is spectacular !
1	they both always have great suggestions .
1	prices r great .
1	great service.
1	tip well ... .
1	it 's good and reliable .
1	we had two servers and they were wonderful !
1	thank rachel for being great and an amazing host !
1	perfect place to go to off the strip and good prices .
1	by far this is my favorite .
1	it seems while you are walking on it , it moves .
1	the meal was good and portions were generous .
1	it 's all fantastic .
1	i pretty much agree with what everyone else said about this place .
1	'm trying to figure out how this place makes $ $ .
1	we had the best time here !
1	it was seriously satisfying , delicious food !
1	food was excellent !
1	this is a great place for group dinners and get togethers .
1	the belly dancers are great fun especially when they get you into the action .
1	: ) the quantities are large and pretty good , just not great .
1	definitely a treat .
1	this place is outstanding .
1	the decor and entertainment of the restaurant is amazing .
1	& would 've stayed longer that 's how much we all enjoyed it .
1	course after course is beautifully presented to the table and everything tastes amazing !
1	in any event , a nice time and good food .
1	came here last year during my trip to vegas with a friend .
1	each course was excellent , the atmosphere was good and the staff friendly .
1	the food was great .
1	the music divine .
1	everything was perfect here .
1	we thoroughly enjoyed them as the moved around the tent like room .
1	yes , i am a huge fan of this place .
1	the food is amazing and it 's a really fun place .
1	the dancers could shake , and my tummy was happy .
1	the service was great and everything came out pretty fast .
1	but i do recommend .
1	this place was amazing !
1	the dancers were fun .
1	the food was great too .
1	its truly a great time for the whole family .
1	the ambience , the food , the service was all really great .
1	everything we had was pretty good , especially the meat dishes .
1	the owner is awesome and attractive : ) .
1	the seven course meal was excellent .
1	the food tasted amazing .
1	very exotic dishes and atmosphere .
1	worth the trip off the strip .
1	owner is extremely nice .
1	belly dancers are awesome .
1	food was very tasty .
1	the dancers were good and all too happy to let us dance with them .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	intimate , exotic , with good food and great service .
1	family style food was generous in portions and really good .
1	the food , service and entertainment were all great here .
1	wow !
1	he even commented that the music was authentic .
1	it 's really a great experience , very very cool vibe .
1	the belly dancers were very good .
1	as when the last time we were there , it was a good time .
1	one of the best parts of our trip .
1	that worked good for the kids .
1	we enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere .
1	overall very good .
1	impressed !
1	enjoyed the belly dancer and the music set the tone in a good way .
1	excellent value , ambience !
1	i loved the one time i was out .
1	that or maybe just be nice instead .
1	went here with my gf & had a good time .
1	the food & entertainment go hand & hand .
1	overall , a great date night !
1	the decor is great , the food absolutely delicious and the dancing very entertaining .
1	the best evening meal we had while in vegas !
1	awesome !
1	see you soon !
1	have had wonderful experiences here since i was a little girl .
1	everyone loved the food and the belly dancing !
1	the decor was very nice , and the service was good .
1	the staff was attentive and professional .
1	we would recommend this place to anyone .
1	the servers were great , really polite and friendly .
1	so good !
1	and hey , i moved here from ny , so i know good food !
1	thoroughly enjoyed this restaurant .
1	my company had dinner here last month & omg it was amazing !
1	the belly dancers were on point & got us up dancing .
1	the food is phenomenal and the service is excellent !
1	each course was scrumptious and perfectly seasoned .
1	belly dancer was fun and the service was good .
1	belly dancers were very entertaining .
1	a unique experience in vegas .
1	thanks to ali and the staff for great service .
1	_num_ star all the way !
1	took a friend who had never experienced moroccan and she loved it .
1	she even danced with the belly dancer !
1	yes , the food was good .
1	we had a spectacular time !
1	the _num_ course feast was absolutely delicious .
1	service was great and the place felt like i was in aladdin 's tent .
1	simply the best !
1	it is an experience to eat there with a great mediterranean flair .
1	fun and delish .
1	great ambiance , service and belly dancing !
1	love going here , the food is awesome !
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	this place was fantastic .
1	the service was phenomenal , the belly dancers were beautiful and very talented .
1	amazing ambiance .
1	came here with a groupon and i should have bought more .
1	the food was really good .
1	what an amazing place .
1	this a a great romantic spot to bring your date .
1	it 's an experience , a show , fine dining and a true gem !
1	i love corn dogs !
1	the fresh lemonade here is excellent .
1	i just love it .
1	good stuff ... .
1	the stylists there were very down to earth and the atmosphere was great .
1	nice little salon with a great welcoming atmosphere !
1	ive seen her work !
1	she did a beautiful job !
1	highly recommend this place and chelsea !
1	i love the atmosphere and the service .
1	she did a great job !
1	highly recommended .
1	this salon is small but very inviting .
1	great hair shop .
1	i love what she did .
1	the staff were so friendly and mary was wonderful , very relaxed and approachable .
1	sam was great !
1	jessica was amazing and really listened to what i wanted .
1	this place is super cute , clean and professional .
1	a true hidden gem !
1	my hair was beautiful , soft , with lots of volume .
1	highly recommend !
1	went from a thick blunt cut to long layers and some face framing !
1	she consistently does great work and is just the sweetest person .
1	defiantly recommend and will be returning soon .
1	thanks a million mary and see you soon !
1	very sweet , and it was a pleasure to go there !
1	i 've been having a lot of fun playing with the style !
1	thanks a million mary and see you soon !
1	so i was pleased to book a next day appointment with her .
1	bill was a tiny bit pricy but totally worth it .
1	i highly recommend mary .
1	the price point is perfect and everyone is super friendly as well !
1	i have eaten here over the years and the food is very consistent .
1	good service .
1	i love this place .
1	the pizza is fresh and the workers are friendly .
1	there was plenty of staff on hand to move things along .
1	the location and rooms are perfect for the price .
1	this is just some awesome , free fun .
1	i loved the intimate feel of the casino .
1	dinner was worth every penny .
1	the service is perfect .
1	the food is always perfect .
1	taste buds never felt so good !
1	would definitely recommend checking this place out .
1	a lost art but still found at this gem .
1	portion size is well worth the prices .
1	thank you for the complimentary birthday cake .
1	this was an amazing dining experience .
1	very intimate and romantic .
1	i guess they moved from the strip to this location a while ago .
1	its a special spot .
1	it 's pricy , but worth the splurge for a special occasion .
1	i usually get the filet mignon when i eat here and it 's amazing !
1	the staff and service are beyond amazing !
1	it was well worth it .
1	old vegas at its best .
1	do n't expect a cheap dinner but expect great value and an amazing atmosphere .
1	my favorite restaurant !
1	the steaks were tender and the salmon had great flavor .
1	the service is excellent and attentive .
1	what a wonderful evening at michaels at south point .
1	the service was superb .
1	the steak i had was tender and flavorful .
1	everything on the table was cooked perfectly .
1	the atmosphere and service was impeccable .
1	the food is amazing , big proportions when you leave you are definitely satisfied .
1	it was truly a great experience .
1	i just found my personal jeweler !
1	the lady who did my makeup did an amazing job as well .
1	tucked away ... nice place .
1	a great selection of bottles and on tap .
1	thank you !
1	i will be seeing you twice a year forever and ever !
1	outstanding shop .
1	they are honest and very good mechanics .
1	see mark and his team at import auto pros !
1	the mechanics are great.
1	best place ever !
1	great boots & great people .
1	and the selection is great .
1	thank god !
1	always visit here for glasses when in vegas .
1	he took great care of us and he was honest !
1	thanks for saving my trip .
1	i was an arcade master .
1	great american bbq .
1	ribs and chili are my favorite .
1	: ) i love love love this cafe !
1	and a great lunch it was .
1	hella good !
1	its also nice too see that beer can go with breakfast .
1	i liked this place .
1	the interior decor was amazing .
1	and damn fine chili !
1	and not that hot , but a good amount of heat .
1	bartender was super friendly and the people were interesting to watch .
1	we were actually pretty impressed with their food .
1	i got extra guacamole , because i love it .
1	i love going here because of the spirit and you should too !
1	my expectations were minimal , but i enjoyed everything .
1	normally these strip places suck but this was a nice surprise .
1	great place to hang out with family or friends .
1	service was good .
1	ugh !
1	dinner rolls were a nice touch too !
1	we decided to go there and got great service .
1	great display of bikes .
1	pretty dated for the location , but the atmosphere was good .
1	we had great service and really good food .
1	it was fantastic .
1	but the food was good .
1	service was prompt and friendly .
1	the atmosphere was fun and interesting .
1	she made our breakfast and started our day off great .
1	our server was helpful and friendly .
1	thank you management for allowing us to be there .
1	our waitress was really nice and we got our food pretty quick .
1	overall a nice relaxing meal .
1	great experience !
1	the bikes on display were fun as well .
1	well , everything was great until we got the bill .
1	the steak was soooooo good .
1	fajita salad is amazing !
1	the decor is very well done and the service was good .
1	huge portions and the food was delicious as always .
1	we like it here .
1	great service and tasty food served hot .
1	it was a beautiful day on the strip so we sat outside .
1	however , my parents were in town and wanted to go .
1	we took pictures on the harley and the photo lady was fantastic .
1	our server henry was amazing !
1	the side dishes were also very delicious .
1	terrific ribs !
1	oh well on that one .
1	the food was great , the atmosphere was fun and the service was awesome .
1	great marketing staff over there !
1	great food , fast service , nice staff .
1	my favorite came with mango .
1	the food came hot and fresh in pretty big portions .
1	and our waiter was very friendly and helpful .
1	the service was really friendly and incredibly fast .
1	all were great .
1	the anthony 's noodles and general tso 's chicken was superb .
1	my favorites are the wonton soup and the gift wrap chicken .
1	spent the weekend in vegas ( yeah baby !
1	i really enjoyed this restaurant .
1	it was really nicely flavored .
1	regardless , loved the food !
1	i thought chin chin was great .
1	really reasonable prices , fast service , fantastic specialty drinks .
1	every time i bring people here they thank me .
1	definitely hit the spot .
1	they have a really nice breakfast buffet for a fair price !
1	the portions were huge and the food was so flavorful and inexpensive .
1	best chinese food on the strip !
1	the decor is nice .
1	not best i 've ever had , but pretty good .
1	the sushi was really fresh and the prices were reasonable .
1	probably our favorite dish !
1	service was nice and the restaurant was clean !
1	service is spot on and friendly .
1	everything else we had was good especially the pineapple fried rice !
1	the food was excellent !
1	the food was very good .
1	and the food was delicious .
1	all were fantastic .
1	the veggies were seasoned and my favorite thing was the fried rice .
1	everything was so good !
1	the sushi is amazing here .
1	again i travel for a living and bartenders like that our award winners !
1	the sushi chef was also awesome ben !
1	april was awesome and got us in and out quick .
1	the buffet was fresh , expansive and reasonably priced .
1	the salad was dressed perfectly and had lots of chicken .
1	best asian food i 've had anywhere .
1	the selection was very good .
1	the service was very good as well .
1	celebrated valentine 's day lunch here .
1	he provided an exceptional experience in a carrying and knowledgable manner .
1	the staff was very attentive .
1	but when the food was stocked it was pretty good and i left happy .
1	the resturant was great !
1	but let me tell you what really shines .
1	the buffet was incredible .
1	went to chin chin for the first time and boy was i impressed !
1	sushi was very tasty .
1	what really made my dining experience outstanding was the friendly staff .
1	will definitely come back .
1	good food .
1	jordan was our server he was super chill and made our experience even better !
1	she put us first with consistent unforgettable customer service .
1	maggie we will be definitely back to see you on our next visit .
1	my family and i greatly enjoyed the breakfast buffet .
1	amazing cooked to order omelet .
1	our server , jordan , was very friendly and attentive .
1	it 's really beyond my expectation .
1	best thing about chin chin - service baby !
1	had a wonderful dinner while staying at new york new york .
1	food was delicious we had the chicken salad and the mongolian beef .
1	the service was great .
1	the food was absolutely wonderful .
1	great tasting food !
1	there are decent choices for vegetarians and vegans .
1	food was great and service was excellent !
1	all-around a great experience .
1	we had a very good meal .
1	service was excellent .
1	the price also includes customized omelette .
1	i was most impressed by their friendly staff .
1	omelets made to order , but given to your waiter and brought to you .
1	thank you cesar , our great waiter .
1	fruit was incredibly fresh .
1	over _num_ items and just great .
1	the servers were excellent as well .
1	our server pedro was excellent with a cute smile .
1	my husband enjoyed the dim sum and a bowl of sushi rice .
1	very clean and well kept .
1	went there today , and enjoyed a great lunch .
1	i recommend this place to those looking for affordable asian cuisine .
1	they seem genuine in asking how thing 's are .
1	oh , the food was very tasty .
1	shrimp spring rolls and peanut sauce were really good .
1	they care !
1	came here super late to eat dinner at 9:30 p.m .
1	the hostess was really friendly .
1	but the food was good .
1	it worth the try and the serves rock !
1	it worth the try and the serves rock !
1	it was our first time here .
1	he was very nice .
1	i strongly recommend this buffet .
1	i will definitely come here again .
1	the food was good and the service was excellent !
1	the service was great !
1	i will return to chin chin !
1	one of the best restaurants ever is chin chin .
1	they have some much food yet everything tastes great .
1	the service was excellent , which is pretty much expected on the strip .
1	we had fantastic sushi rolls and some outstanding cocktails .
1	she really made the experience _num_ stars .
1	the service is super good .
1	food is awesome !
1	which was delicious !
1	chin chin saved the day .
1	the moment i found out , i had to experience it .
1	but let me tell you , it was worth every single second .
1	thank you !
1	our server , oscar , was prompt and attentive .
1	the desserts were fantastic and pretty .
1	food was delicious .
1	it was good .
1	the food was excellent .
1	the service was very attentive .
1	the buffet is wonderful , everything i had tasted great !
1	the service was phenomenal !
1	it was delicious .
1	food is delicious and the staff is very personable .
1	alex is amazing !
1	the sushi is the best i 've ever had in vegas !
1	he was genuine and very attentive .
1	it was seasoned well , however the mushrooms were a little tough .
1	this was a great value compared to some other strip competitors !
1	great food , excellent service and priced well !
1	very much suggested for everyone to try at least once !
1	the menu looked good though .
1	our server , oscar m was quite pleasant and polite as well .
1	the have great fresh rolls with a twist .
1	i was able to have a little of everything !
1	easily got our money 's worth .
1	oscar was great .
1	super personable and friendly .
1	i forgot whats it 's called but it was very delicious .
1	came here everyday while visiting for my 21st birthday and loved it everytime .
1	reasonably priced , well stocked buffet .
1	the food was decent but i loved the service .
1	wonderful and friendly staff .
1	i liked everything here .
1	the lunch time buffet was absolutely amazing !
1	i really loved chin chin !
1	this was right underneath our hotel room and it was delicious !
1	pedro is the best server , very attentive and funny .
1	great value for money !
1	heaven !
1	well , i had an amazing time !
1	i would seriously recommend this for any vegas visitor , especially girls .
1	this place is fun .
1	overall , i loved it here def someplace worth checking out !
1	there are many choices in bars and this can be a good choice .
1	this place made my night simply spectacular !
1	good thing for happy hour since the drinks were a lot cheaper .
1	very good mix of music !
1	they played a good variety of music .
1	had a great time !
1	we came here our first night in vegas and had a blast !
1	definitely coming back !
1	thanks for the good time .
1	got reservations the day of , had a lovely table and wonderful meal .
1	and a wine list with a nice variety of styles & price ranges .
1	definitely recommended .
1	although i am the only one who ordered the fish , it was good !
1	the sides from mac & cheese to creamed spinach was perfect .
1	the king cut prime rib is amazing .
1	i also liked my iceberg salad wedge .
1	do n't be afraid to try the sauces ... they are excellent .
1	in my opinion this is the best steak in vegas .
1	wow !
1	the best in aged beef - best food in vegas !
1	hey , what happens in vegas , stays in vegas .
1	overall , service was really good as well .
1	a pleasant surprise , considering it 's las vegas .
1	our waiter was a kick and generally added to the fun .
1	in any event , highly recommended for a fun evening and a good steak .
1	one of my favorite places as a local to go .
1	very expensive , but worth every penny .
1	the bartenders were fantastic , really friendly and helpful .
1	and i loved the mixed drinks i got .
1	this place was great ... .
1	great for any occasion .
1	delicious roasted garlic garnish with all of the steaks .
1	the prime rib was excellent and the horseradish was very fresh .
1	service was excellent .
1	best steakhouse ever .
1	definitely a place to visit while in vegas .
1	as much as i loved my food , something kept me from _num_ stars .
1	service was beyond impeccable , and the house wines were both good .
1	outstanding meal !
1	delicious !
1	the service was top-notch too .
1	we will definitely be going back here on our next trip !
1	every recommendation he made was delicious !
1	not overly seasoned so i got to appreciate the flavor of the crab .
1	the steak was great and done just right .
1	i ca n't even finish it .
1	the best steak ever .
1	the sides are even great .
1	steaks were seasoned well .
1	really classy place , and we had excellent service .
1	the food was very good - the steak was great !
1	simply put , i highly recommend .
1	the food was great .
1	they have the best filet mignon ever !
1	came again to enjoy a excellent steak .
1	well staffed with excellent waiters .
1	he was very chill and treated us great !
1	the food was delicious i was very impressed !
1	she got the queen prime rib and she thought it was amazing too !
1	had the most amazing dinner with my wife on her birthday !
1	the staffs are super friendly .
1	menu is simple with huge portion .
1	this place is amazing .
1	the surf and turf here was one of the best i 've had .
1	solid _num_ perhaps _num_ .
1	definitely in my top _num_ and maybe even top _num_ .
1	prime rib was one of the best i 've ever eaten .
1	and it was huge and cooked perfect .
1	the whole experience was great and the food was amazing .
1	will be back next year !
1	great service !
1	it 's pricey , but pretty much everything in las vegas is .
1	their bar service was absolutely phenomenal !
1	i had the organic salmon = delicious !
1	curry mashed potatoes were flavorful and a nice change to an old favorite .
1	i 'll definitely be stopping again next time i 'm in vegas .
1	best ribeye i ever had .
1	the meal was fine and the server was very friendly .
1	the steak was very tasty !
1	had a really good time here .
1	the staff were friendly and the steak was good .
1	love this place .
1	service is great .
1	service was good and the steaks were delish .
1	excellent service always and steak cooked to perfection .
1	the steaks were great .
1	five of us shared two entrees and two sides .
1	fantastic steaks , appetizers , and service .
1	exquisite .
1	my husband and i went here the other night for a nice romantic dinner .
1	the lobster was so sweet and tasty .
1	everything was delicious .
1	had the best steak , i have ever had here .
1	our waiter was great too .
1	the steaks were delicious and cooked to perfection !
1	we had an amazing dinner .
1	amazing prime rib was so tender .
1	along with the sauted spinach which was very tasty .
1	great overall experience , waiter was a little snobby but he gave great suggestions .
1	my wife and both had the strip , they were cooked perfectly .
1	superb .
1	atmosphere is lively and service is absolutely amazing .
1	prime rib was a huge slice of yummy !
1	it was flavorful and fulfilling .
1	i had a special with two fillet medallions and crab claws .
1	the cut was large and perfectly cut .
1	definitely head back here again .
1	with the delicious sides , we had more than enough food to eat .
1	brother and husband had the chicken and loved it .
1	much to our surprise we were set up at the chef 's table .
1	i highly recommend a night out and great food and service at gallagher 's .
1	very good restaurant in food quality and service .
1	aged new york strip was the best !
1	great atmosphere .
1	really good , nicely seasoned with a nice char .
1	the salads were great , potatoes were great as well .
1	great value and service .
1	the pomegranate martini is perfect .
1	recommended by a friend !
1	the ribeye was fork tender and cooked perfectly .
1	service was excellent .
1	the steaks were the best i have had .
1	the dry aged new york is sooo perfect !
1	best steakhouse i have ever been to .
1	great service and even better food .
1	the next time i 'm in vegas i will definitely go back !
1	the service was great as well .
1	both were cooked perfectly , and the quality of the meat was extremely high .
1	prime rib was delicious .
1	very tender and tasteful .
1	the service was wonderful .
1	the prices are good for what you get .
1	environment was delightful and romantic !
1	the gallagher 's steakhouse was great and the food was great .
1	this is more about getting a large juicy piece of meat on your plate .
1	they had a good selection of seafood to start which was very tasty .
1	good thing the elevator to my room was right next door .
1	always a vegas most for me !
1	met some friends here who were having a dinner here .
1	the steak looked perfectly cooked and the sides smelt good .
1	full lobster was so good too .
1	staff was very courteous but also fun !
1	perfectly cooked steak and rack of lamb to die for .
1	loved it .
1	very good steak house !
1	salads fresh .
1	wait staff was awesome , very professional and friendly .
1	was great both times .
1	porterhouse cooked exactly right .
1	ordered a medium rare ribeye and received a perfectly cooked , well charred steak .
1	very good value for a vegas steak .
1	and it 's also great that you can make reservations online and through yelp !
1	excellent place .
1	wife and i loved it and we 'll definitely be back !
1	we excited to have a even better experience than the previous times .
1	i would recommend to everyone .
1	he listened to my feedback and seemed genuinely interested in it .
1	the prime rib was cooked perfectly !
1	the salmon was delicious !
1	our _num_ month old loved sampling .
1	the strip was cooked excellently , and the flavor was very good .
1	the caesar salad was okay and the veal chop was worth the trip .
1	gallagher 's was great !
1	outstanding !
1	best ribeye i 've had in days !
1	i love that they age their beef and we can see it !
1	this was our 2nd visit - well worth the $ _num_ receipt .
1	my husband and i found this place on accident .
1	loved it .
1	sam the waiter really went out of his way to make our meal special .
1	service was very attentive and they certainly under charge for this piece of heaven !
1	definitely will return , definitely recommend !
1	place was amazing food was cooked perfect service was great !
1	we got mushrooms and mashed potatoes as sides .
1	dinner was awesome well when we finally got it .
1	that was the best steak ever .
1	loved loved the experience .
1	i ordered the cowboy ribeye which was cooked to a perfect medium rare .
1	sides were delicious .
1	but it was so so worth it .
1	the potatoes sides were the real bread winner that gave us the wow factor .
1	if you specialize in beef do it well and they do .
1	fabulous !
1	great staff and the steaks were perfectly made !
1	one of my top _num_ steak experiences .
1	very good steak at a reasonable price .
1	i had the cowboy ribeye which was very flavorful and big !
1	we were seated very quickly and the service was excellent .
1	had dinner here and the service was spot on .
1	met justin , the general manager and he was so friendly and approachable .
1	we ordered cesar salads nice presentation and perfect portion .
1	service was wonderful and prompt .
1	glad we found a place that was worth the money .
1	i felt it huge !
1	great food , great drinks , great service .
1	i had a juicy ribeye steak , rare .
1	outstanding service and a wonderful meal .
1	the service was on the slower side but the waiter was pleasant .
1	we really had a great time here !
1	my steak was a large beautiful piece of meat cooked to perfection .
1	my favorite restaurant in the world and i do n't take that statement lightly .
1	from start to finish an excellent steak house !
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	both steaks were delicious and cooked to perfection .
1	both were very good as well .
1	my husband brought me here for dinner on valentines and i really enjoyed it .
1	it was awesome !
1	it was one of the best steakhouses i 've ever eaten at .
1	the new yorker dry age steak was very good , cooked perfect , medium .
1	i had the creamed spinach which goes very well with steak .
1	the best place for a perfectly seasoned and cooked steak on the strip .
1	always a must when we are in vegas !
1	easily one of the best steaks i 've ever had .
1	it was a lot of food !
1	mac n cheese was so good !
1	service was excellent !
1	the restaurant was very nice and the waiter and waitress were great !
1	i liked the ambiance .
1	it was cooked perfectly medium rare , and so flavorful .
1	it 's a splurge but definitely worth it .
1	they actually come out quite professional and i did buy a couple shots !
1	the mixed seasonal mushrooms were also great .
1	the crab cakes was great and so was the mash potatoes .
1	we added a _num_ oz lobster tail perfected steamed and full of flavor .
1	steak a must .
1	we had a wonderful dinner here .
1	service was great too .
1	he took good care of us at our table .
1	service was excellent !
1	was outstanding !
1	it was all very tasty .
1	my dh had the chef make a shrimp diablo fajita that he really enjoyed .
1	overall , the food was pretty good and so was the service .
1	chips and salsa were immediate and fantastic .
1	service was fast and attentive and pleasant .
1	food was tasty and we were all impressed .
1	i was actually pretty surprised by this place .
1	this place is great .
1	i was surprised how great the food was .
1	chips and salsa were good .
1	loved it !
1	all five of us ordered something different and each of us were very surprised .
1	food was good and great service !
1	free chips and salsa with my buy one get one free happy hour margaritas ?
1	chips and salsa were plenty and delicious .
1	the service is always friendly and great .
1	the food is pretty good but i come here for the margaritas !
1	very good chips and salsa .
1	the food was great .
1	good times , we were pleasantly surprised with the food , drinks and service !
1	service was friendly and quick .
1	food was great as well .
1	see you on our next visit .
1	guacamole made fresh , in front of you , was superb .
1	quite authentic mexican cuisine and service was very personal and attentive .
1	we had a great time !
1	food was pretty good with decent prices .
1	you got ta get the fresh guacamole .
1	the next two were just as good .
1	good selection of happy hour items from taco salads , enchiladas , and burritos .
1	and the service is the best .
1	food was good .
1	we both enjoyed the fresh guacamole appetizer .
1	very good for the price .
1	definitely better than a buffet : ) !
1	we ordered a variety of entrees and they were all amazing .
1	i liked the atmostphere of the restaurant .
1	the service was excellent .
1	we got everything in a timely manner .
1	this was a great restaurant !
1	the service was good and the food came out fast .
1	our service was great and there was no line to get a table !
1	this was a truly great meal .
1	it was a blast !
1	tortilla soup was great .
1	service was great .
1	we followed the music and quickly found the spot and stayed there till 3am !
1	we also ordered guac which was tasty as well .
1	the margaritas were tasty too !
1	we were a party of _num_ and everyone loved their food .
1	the chips and salsa were great- nice and spicy .
1	the margaritas were on the small size but were delicious .
1	it was fabulous !
1	i 'm very happy with the management for this company .
1	best bang for the buck .
1	made right in front of you .
1	had quite a few different things on the menu and all were good .
1	the service and food was excellent .
1	shredded beef was delicious .
1	the customer service was soo spectacular .
1	food was great too .
1	the fajitas were excellent , great steak and perfectly grilled veggies .
1	really great chips and salsa .
1	service , food and drinks were all top notch .
1	the food was hot and delicious .
1	this drink will definitely get you feeling good fast .
1	after three days of searching i found gonzalez y gonzalez and it was perfect .
1	this is a go-to spot for us when we visit vegas .
1	give it a try !
1	their customer service was excellent and on point .
1	food was great .
1	the chips were fresh and warm .
1	his bloody mary was well-made .
1	delicious food and great service .
1	my coworker recommended it , and she was right to .
1	chips and salsa were the best i 've ever had .
1	fresh and great flavor .
1	the appetizer was great and the dinner was also good .
1	this is a good spot to eat at .
1	had a rib eye came with rice and beans .
1	steak was good for the price .
1	good atmosphere and the service was great .
1	he had great food and drink suggestions .
1	enjoyed the fajitas , especially the shrimp , very flavorful .
1	a hidden gem in vegas , absolutely perfect .
1	this food was outstanding .
1	they were delicious .
1	great authentic mexican , great atmosphere .
1	the food was good and portions were fair for the price .
1	authentic food , great drinks at a fair price and happy hour specials .
1	food was ready promptly and was full of delicious flavor .
1	service was great and friendly , overall extremely satisfied .
1	our bartender oscar was great and fun .
1	the food smelled amazing !
1	great margaritas and great tasting food .
1	delicious margarita made by the best bartender `` justin '' .
1	the salsa was great with a good spice to it .
1	great soups .
1	good !
1	our waitress was also very friendly .
1	the rice was delicious .
1	highly recommend if you 're a fan of the food style !
1	very good !
1	he chatted with us and kept our drinks full all night .
1	the tortilla soup is the best !
1	wait staff was very nice and the food was great .
1	our waiter was full of energy , definitely made it better !
1	give that man a raise !
1	happy hour was decent for the price .
1	drinks were good for the happy hour price .
1	fast service .
1	our waiter was checking on us constantly and was very friendly .
1	our server chris was attentive and friendly .
1	my husband has the halibut special and he said it was perfect .
1	we also ordered the table side guacamole and that really added to the meal .
1	my first yelp and here in vegas !
1	love their happy hour and spin the wheel deal !
1	crab guac was tasty .
1	we eventually got it open .
1	thank you for a great dinner guys !
1	love this place .
1	everyone is so attentive and nice .
1	great service !
1	party of twelve tonight with a variety of entrees and everyone was happy !
1	and really enjoyed the beans , rice , and pico de gallo .
1	will definitely be back this trip .
1	i enjoyed the food here .
1	they had really amazing service .
1	service was good , atmosphere is nice .
1	price is pretty fair considering this is a place on the strip .
1	all kinds of shot glasses with funny things printed on them .
1	got ta love chanel !
1	he actually smiled at me !
1	it 's amazing to see them in real life .
1	the sales staff is very friendly and not snobby at all .
1	it was absolutely stunning .
1	if you are at the wynn you should definitely check out the store .
1	i love the purses and the jewelry is very beautiful .
1	small store , nice selections .
1	variety is always appreciated !
1	this was my first chanel purchase and i picked the perfect place .
1	it felt so right at that moment i decided to purchase it .
1	: ) loves !
1	amazing service !
1	the store is immaculate and very organized .
1	she is the perfect example of excellent customer care and service !
1	bought a medium boy bag and loved it .
1	its closing so they had great deals .
1	we ordered _num_ pretzel dogs and they were delicious !
1	nice place plus they got free breakfast .
1	the staff here is wonderful .
1	a nice place for a decent price .
1	decent room .
1	the staff is very professional and they take care of there patients .
1	i highly recommend them to anyone .
1	the service was fast and the waiter attentive .
1	fast service & delicious food .
1	turn around time was a little slow but it was worth it !
1	quick and easy money exchange at great rates .
1	funny thing is , the ladies behind the counter have not traveled much .
1	good exchange rate .
1	this place gives you the best rates hands down .
1	tip : we found place easily by reading other comments on here .
1	i 'm so happy i found this place !
1	wow !
1	my experience with foreign money exchange was good .
1	both times very easy , fast , and convenient .
1	nice people and great rate .
1	the office staff were sweet , personable , and very efficient .
1	the other lady 's in the office were also helpful .
1	the transaction was easy & fast !
1	excellent exchange rates and great customer service .
1	service was great !
1	great service .
1	well i give it _num_ stars .
1	my co-workers got the bananas foster and it was amazing .
1	this is the place !
1	my petite filet was tasty goodness .
1	the wine selection is great , filet mignon oscar style was great !
1	they had a really good selection too !
1	nate , the bartender , was fun and engaging .
1	this place was delicious and the service was excellent !
1	love this place !
1	fantastic old school steakhouse .
1	service is fantastic , food is flavorful and cooked to perfection .
1	i still love you !
1	good food , fancy cafe .
1	service was excellent .
1	went before love and as has been noted it is very good for this .
1	the bread was great ... and the sticks were amazing.
1	the sauce was lite and tasted great .
1	try this one out , our party of _num_ had a great time .
1	this has to be one of the best kept secrets in las vegas .
1	definitely recommend this place if you are in the mirage .
1	the portions were excellent and food was very flavorful .
1	this place has top notch service .
1	great service !
1	the food was wonderful .
1	perfect dinner before love show .
1	amazing service and delicious food !
1	we had our food served to us really fast , it was delicious .
1	the wine served was perfect to the table and reasonably priced .
1	their dessert : ice-cream covered with an expresso was soooo good !
1	the atmosphere was really classy and elegant , which really impressed me .
1	service was excellent .
1	very nice meal !
1	a very nice piece of fish !
1	great service and the atmosphere is breath taking .
1	try any of the veal dishes , they 're all superb .
1	super cute !
1	the ambience is excellent .
1	rigatoni is a definite must !
1	the italian food was good .
1	will definitely eat here again .
1	the staff , food , and wine were all superb !
1	we sat at the bar and had a great time .
1	this was excellent !
1	service was pretty good too .
1	however , the interior beyond is warm , calming , visually beautiful and welcoming .
1	fresh , homemade pasta , reasonable portions , flavor galore .
1	so so so so so good !
1	we all loved our meals and ate every single bite .
1	it was very tasty .
1	the food was amazing !
1	the filet was one if the best pieces of meat in my life .
1	but was worth the wait !
1	both tasty and well presented .
1	simply put it was one of the the finest dinning experiences of our lives .
1	amazing birthday dinner .
1	chef came out to visit the guests which i love !
1	service was friendly .
1	the staff was upbeat , informative and spot on .
1	enjoy !
1	i was speechless .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	kim our server is really good and efficient .
1	excellent service ( kim was our server ) .
1	we also had great service !
1	staff was amazing and the waiters and chef were outstanding .
1	the meal sizes were great price range .
1	good .
1	waiters were excellent .
1	the room as absolutely beautiful .
1	this is the best kept secret in vegas .
1	overall a highlight of our stay in vegas !
1	he made our night extra special with the superb and impeccable service .
1	perfection !
1	service was incredible .
1	food was outstanding .
1	my food was good .
1	but all in all i was very pleased .
1	fantastic bar !
1	the food here is spectacular .
1	it 's traditional italian meets savory & decadent .
1	four for dinner before a show .
1	worth a try .
1	every dish was great and we all left stuffed with delicious food .
1	this is a good choice for a special occasion meal .
1	i did n't gag , so that 's a good thing !
1	the ravioli was easily the favorite .
1	the meatballs were great .
1	we also had the caprese salad which was delicious as well .
1	our party of four loved our dining experience here !
1	from food to service everything was outstanding !
1	i will definitely go back for that dish and for the excellent service !
1	the food was excellent .
1	definitely will have that as an entree next time !
1	thanks again for a great meal .
1	the food was great !
1	the appetizers and ravioli was very authentic .
1	overall a very nice vegas dining experience .
1	went with the filet once , and sea bass another trip .
1	their kobe beef was best piece of steak i 've ever had .
1	: ) the food was delicious .
1	loved the fact they had a price fixe menu ( picture included ) .
1	food was great !
1	steak was well prepared and seasoned .
1	we came here for our anniversary dinner after the 7pm love show .
1	the _num_ course pre fix meal is a great deal .
1	we both had the crab cake , which was fantastic .
1	a friend and i came here to eat before the `` love '' show .
1	the food and service here is wonderful .
1	good deal !
1	i had fried shrimp , filet mignon and spice cake for desert .
1	let me tell you .
1	the service was excellent .
1	the service was excellent !
1	nice atmosphere - our table was by the waterfall .
1	great service .
1	you can see the herbs and spices in the drink .
1	the seafood platter is awesome .
1	the wine list is excellent .
1	i love this place !
1	i love the atmosphere here , the tropical feeling is so relaxing .
1	plus that puff pastry dome over it is excellent .
1	the bone in ribeye is so tender .
1	loved this place !
1	we requested a table by the mini waterfall and we got it !
1	the service was excellent !
1	all of them were delicious .
1	i highly recommend doing that .
1	its amazing !
1	my husband ordered the porterhouse which looked and tasted very good !
1	i had sea bass and it was excellent .
1	our food was really good and the waiter was super friendly and nice .
1	great food comes with a great price .
1	worth a try .
1	it is so delicious and the puff pastry on top is light and flakey .
1	i rated this meal five stars because of the lobster bisque .
1	it is soo tasty !
1	my family really liked their own plates and the dessert was to kill for .
1	beautiful location , decor , and wonderful , friendly staff .
1	it was two thumbs up .
1	i love going there .
1	we stopped in for a late lunch yesterday and we had an excellent experience .
1	our server was charming and never let us want for anything .
1	we started with our drinks and lettuce wraps and they were fresh and tasty .
1	the cute desserts were yummy so all in all it was a great time .
1	worth checking out .
1	i also love the kung pao scallops !
1	always good food !
1	my husband loved it so did i .
1	the egg drop soup was very good today !
1	very good reasonably priced .
1	great personality , the food came fast !
1	i recommend .
1	the broccoli & beef and sesame chicken were fantastic as well .
1	i would definitely recommend this location for a good quality meal .
1	our waiter went out if his way to make the experience worth the trip .
1	interesting options prepared well at the right price .
1	i had the salt and pepper prawns and they were perfect !
1	my server alicia was so sweet and attentive .
1	everything was great .
1	chocolate peanut butter cake was extremely delicious .
1	thanks pf chang 's !
1	love the lettuce wraps and crab wontons !
1	food was great as always .
1	happy hour drink and appetizer specials between 3pm - 7pm .
1	tremendous service .
1	great food and service away from the crowds on the strip .
1	hopefully we wont in the future .
1	the food was great ... but the service ... was absolutely excellent !
1	i 'm glad to have found this gem .
1	decent food , good service , mediocre hostess .
1	i love the pina colada drink .
1	plenty of seating inside and the bar looks warm and relaxing .
1	the food was so tasty !
1	the fish options were really exciting .
1	thank you for such a great experience .
1	lettuce cups are my personal favorite .
1	had an amazing dinner and great service by dan .
1	dan made the experience absolutely great .
1	thank you !
1	made us feel welcome , at home and very attentive .
1	food was awesome , service was excellent , we got very good bday dinner .
1	good menu options .
1	it was a _num_ bedroom with a great layout .
1	for what it is , this place is great .
1	great authentic mexican food at good prices and open 24hrs !
1	tony and the whole staff at metropolitan are very kind and professional !
1	prices were reasonable and service was excellent !
1	good customer service , great price and the workmanship is excellent .
1	paint matched perfect .
1	jorge & john , great guys who run a good shop .
1	the paint was impeccable .
1	they have truly earned their high rating .
1	definitely went above and beyond to meet my expectations .
1	thank god i found this place !
1	i 've definitely found my las vegas body shop .
1	friendly and informative people .
1	i enjoy doing business with them .
1	the people working at metropolitan auto body are so nice and professional .
1	the price was super reasonable as well .
1	ron took excellent care of us .
1	he was very professional and really knew his stuff .
1	luckily i found this place through yelp !
1	he is excellent and responsible !
1	best body shop in las vegas .
1	brought my _num_ porsche _num_ in , they did and excellent job .
1	excellent work - new ford parts used .
1	this place was very friendly and helpful .
1	great shop .
1	i especially loved randy ; what a silver fox !
1	very professional shop .
1	they polished the entire car even though only worked on my front bumper .
1	everyone very friendly .
1	unbelievably outstanding service .
1	he also handled the insurance issues for us .
1	i can absolutely recommend this facility .
1	awesome customer service and very knowledgable .
1	great auto shop !
1	serving sizes are generous and food quality is way above average .
1	inexpensive great food .
1	awesome burritos .
1	amazing .
1	order made fresh .
1	breath taking .
1	worth the money and the customer service here was beyond amazing !
1	i am so excited !
1	the selection was great and the customer service was through the roof !
1	i found this store because of all of their great yelp reviews .
1	spending _num_ on a dress with this kind of service is definitely worth it .
1	they have earned a loyal and return customer for sure !
1	will be back to see him due to the impeccable attention & service .
1	these are simply the best donuts in the valley .
1	went with the family and tried four different donuts and all were absolutely delicious .
1	i 'll definitely be making this a regular after work stop .
1	the dough has great flavor and are fresh !
1	everybody i take here adds this dining experience to their list of favorites !
1	quality of the meat is the best .
1	staff are nice and price is right .
1	went with a large group and had a great time .
1	the service was great .
1	ambiance was perfect for a relaxing dinner .
1	have been here several times ... bring your appetite !
1	well done !
1	the coffee tastes like heaven .
1	service , food , ambiance , price , all amazing .
1	nice !
1	great food and excellent service .
1	everything was very good , and some things were exceptional !
1	i also love the owner .
1	great food with friendly quick service .
1	fresh food served hot .
1	the food was very filling and fresh .
1	the food was good and the owner was very friendly .
1	i love this place !
1	everyone is attentive and nice .
1	the room was pretty basic , but , it was fine this trip .
1	this hotel was great for the price !
1	he made my day and is a reason i 'd stay with super _num_ !
1	food was great !
1	he made it right and i am very pleased how he handled the situation .
1	we absolutely loved the the oyster bay !
1	we had dinner there after a show and it was great .
1	my kids loved it and so did my husband and i .
1	we could have probably done great with just the last two mentioned .
1	service was fast and friendly .
1	went here for dinner last night and was pleasantly surprised .
1	i was served a plate of select , large and delicious blue points .
1	our server ( forgot his name : ( ) was great !
1	the bread and olive oil was good but the main courses were great !
1	very good food and the prices were reasonable considering where we were .
1	definitely left feeling good .
1	the calamari was so fresh and tender .
1	the salmon was also cooked and seasoned very well .
1	just had the most wonderful dinner on the strip in las vegas .
1	the oyster bay bar special was fantastic .
1	all four members of my party love it !
1	server was chatty and nice .
1	the fresh oysters were great .
1	but i liked the food and service .
1	i got shrimp and crab ravioli .
1	overall , i was happy with our choice of lunch here .
1	i would recommend to anyone looking for a nice dinner .
1	the service was excellent .
1	i will definitely return for a dinner meal .
1	the oysters were amazing and the drinks were great .
1	but definitely get the shrimp linguini .
1	the bar tender frank was amazing .
1	thanks frank for making out day .
1	great place to have breakfast !
1	the service and ambience is perfect to start your day !
1	the coffee is served in heated cups and that is awesome .
1	our server , joseph , was wonderful .
1	our server was very nice & professional .
1	all the fresh flavor pasta cook perfectly a little spice but not too much .
1	great dish .
1	good service from andrew , reasonably priced .
1	melted in our mouths !
1	the best steak on the strip everything considered .
1	the steakhouse knows how cook and serve a great steak .
1	the cuts are huge and they 're delicious .
1	the service is exceptional and the atmosphere could n't be better .
1	this was my birthday dinner and an excellent one it was .
1	the food was exceptional .
1	excellent .
1	great food .
1	i had the bone-in ribeye , which was excellent .
1	still a great place nevertheless .
1	i can prove it twice !
1	the steak , aged _num_ days , was excellent .
1	bravo to the steak house and their staff !
1	ad the cheesecake is very tasty too !
1	the meal was flawless from beginning to end .
1	large portions , one of the best steakhouses in vegas !
1	great atmosphere .
1	what an amazing and extremely pleasant surprise .
1	loved it !
1	got the filet .
1	it was cooked perfectly .
1	one of the best steaks i 've had in vegas .
1	this is my husbands and i favorite place !
1	my favorite steakhouse in vegas .
1	we had the shrimp for starters and they were so fresh and big .
1	old style steakhouse surroundings with the grill in the middle plus amazing service .
1	there is no better .
1	_num_ words : wow !
1	awesome !
1	they said theirs was fantastically yummy as well .
1	amazing steak .
1	and probably the best tasting steak i 've had .
1	one of the most memorable , heavenly meals my husband and i ever had .
1	our martinis were divine !
1	this was recommended to us by our god son and his fiancee .
1	love the place , but wished it was somewhere else .
1	food was fantastic , service was spectacular , and wine selection was outstanding .
1	it is definitely worth the trip !
1	both times i came here i got the petit filet .
1	service was perfect .
1	highly recommend it .
1	no fusion anything here , and it 's done beautifully .
1	worth the money .
1	well done circus circus .
1	the bread is so good but make sure you save room .
1	it was perfectly cooked medium rare which is hard for a filet cut .
1	biggest shrimp cocktail ive ever had .
1	definitely recommend !
1	best steakhouse in vegas .
1	i guess this is a true hole in the wall that serves great food .
1	i was so pleasantly surprised by this restaurant .
1	service was amazing and the steak was fantastic .
1	we had the most wonderful dinner .
1	fresh oysters are very tasty , large selection of wine at reasonable prices .
1	the service was consistent , fast , and the staff were impressive .
1	the quality and taste were amazing .
1	great steaks and service , we will definitely be back .
1	the food and service were great .
1	great steakhouse , food and service were excellent .
1	great steakhouse atmosphere as well .
1	this place is amazing .
1	by far one of the best steak houses in town .
1	absolutely the best restaurant in vegas .
1	the steakhouse here is excellent !
1	the best steakhouse in las vegas !
1	steaks run around $ _num_ per steak , but they are the best !
1	plus , the service is impeccable !
1	had the bone in ribeye and it was prepared perfectly .
1	best of all , the boss really liked it .
1	will be back for more great food .
1	i will definitely recommend it to my hotel guests !
1	a true hidden gem in las vegas .
1	it was perfect for my taste .
1	the best pure steakhouse in vegas .
1	great customer service , prices are lower compared to the places in the strip .
1	the quality of the steak or seafood are high .
1	i would highly recommend !
1	i would highly recommend this place to tourists and locals .
1	great service in the restaurant .
1	dinner here after my sisters wedding .
1	excellent steak dinner - i had the filet medium rare .
1	the food here is amazing and tastes fresh in every bite .
1	the prime rib was enormous and my ny strip was full of flavor .
1	i will recommend to everyone that asks for a good steakhouse for sure .
1	recommend by our driver and did not disappoint !
1	the staff is so attentive and food was delicious !
1	awesome tender prime rib .
1	will definitely come back again !
1	best french onion soup ever and sides plus salad are included so great deal .
1	steaks prepared over wood fire and that 's a nice flavor .
1	great place to eat .
1	service was great and the lobster and steak were perfect .
1	this and sw are my favorite steak houses !
1	all of the steaks , sides , and deserts were great !
1	service was great , steak was as good as i 've had .
1	it 's worth the walk through circus circus .
1	lovely experience .
1	bread basket is nice too !
1	the service and room were both wonderful .
1	this place is for real people .
1	he did an excellent job !
1	it had such a good flavor .
1	service was decent .
1	a hidden gem inside of circus circus .
1	everything was good- from the bread basket to the salad and the main course .
1	the staff was super friendly and attentive .
1	i can see why it got voted best of vegas to many times .
1	a great secret and casual attire is fine .
1	ron the manager has been here forever as is awesome !
1	it is a nice atmosphere to sit and relax .
1	highly recommend .
1	mike took great care of us .
1	it has the old school warm steakhouse feel .
1	great establishment all around !
1	service was great , as usual .
1	the best steak i ever had !
1	seriously !
1	the food is absolutely incredible .
1	definitely worth the money .
1	so happy our hotel recommended this place .
1	the rib eye bone in is tender and melts in your mouth .
1	i love the ambiance here .
1	service was great .
1	i will definitely be coming back .
1	service was extraordinary and the resturant was a great experience all and all .
1	the amount of food for the price in such a high class restaurant .
1	the best waiter ... .
1	the service was phenomenal , the food was amazing as always .
1	very clean restaurant .
1	i recommend to all .
1	the steak is great , very juicy .
1	i got a lot of refills and attention .
1	great conversation from my server ... .
1	i recommend this place .
1	we will definitely return the next time we travel to las vegas !
1	classic steakhouse with extras .
1	i would highly recommend visiting for great food and service !
1	david took excellent care of us .
1	the service is impeccable .
1	the food is divine and all reasonably priced !
1	simple menu , classic setting and excellent service .
1	it was fresh and delicious .
1	i also love their lemonade .
1	always a pleasure to deal with .
1	this place is the best .
1	enjoy !
1	cooked to perfection .
1	overall , the place is expensive , but customer service and food were outstanding .
1	the quality of the meat was amazing , the sides were also good .
1	the flavor of the meat and the mashed potatoes were delicious .
1	this is without a doubt the best steak i 've ever had .
1	spring for the taxi ride , though , because it 's well worth it .
1	del frisco 's on paradise is the best steak house in las vegas .
1	finally made it here after reading so much about this place .
1	i ordered a filet mignon special and it was amazing .
1	this is a great restaurant , with awesome service .
1	please enjoy .
1	love the steak over here .
1	del frisco 's is absolutely a must visit .
1	since it was our first visit , they recommended starting out with seafood appetizers .
1	this place was great !
1	however , it 's completely worth it !
1	this had the best rib-eye !
1	its expensive as hell but its so good .
1	the west coast oysters were a little on the small side but still fresh .
1	they are very attentive , professional , and my water glass was always full .
1	the meat was flavorful , a little on the salty side but still good .
1	this is a great choice .
1	so good choice .
1	my favorite rib-eye in vegas besides my own .
1	i ordered the porterhouse and the prime rib portion was perfect .
1	we brought the bachelor here for dinner , and everyone was happy .
1	the best steakhouse ever .
1	best steak i 've ever had .
1	perfectly cooked .
1	great decor and well dressed friendly staff .
1	the potatoes were good .
1	i had a bone in fillet and it was freakin juicy and perfect !
1	i got to sit outside on a nice evening and enjoyed a great steak .
1	bread is excellent .
1	staff is very friendly .
1	fresh sesame seed bread .
1	all in all , highly recommended .
1	it is off las vegas blvd but well worth the cab ride .
1	best .
1	great food , atmosphere , cocktails , etc .
1	the mushrooms are the best ever !
1	i love this place !
1	the food and service is excellent .
1	will be back again and again.
1	bartender was professional and entertaining , what else can you ask for ?
1	i love this place !
1	they really wait on your hands and feet !
1	the portions are huge and tasty !
1	the food was great and the atmosphere was perfect .
1	this place consistently delivers .
1	awesome service .
1	also our server joey was excellent .
1	thank you !
1	it was absolutely insane !
1	check it .
1	service and food is as good as it gets in a steakhouse .
1	the best steak dinner i have ever eaten .
1	are server ( chris i think ) was amazing .
1	had one of the best martini 's of my life .
1	this place is top notch .
1	excellent service .
1	delicious rib eye .
1	our party of _num_ had several sides , all of which were great .
1	service was also exceptional .
1	we will definitely dine here again when we come back to vegas !
1	the steak was tasty .
1	this place also offers 5-star service .
1	delicious .
1	the fillet mignon is outstanding , as are the crab cakes .
1	our server was spot on .
1	the interior is very classic steakhouse , all dim lighting and dark woods .
1	very nice .
1	recommended !
1	great meat and great sides .
1	service was excellent and fast .
1	the staff is unassuming and take great care of you .
1	this is a great place to go out with a big group .
1	i 've always had a great time at del frisco 's .
1	soooo good .
1	it was so delightful i brought it to thanksgiving instead of pie .
1	food : exquisite .
1	my filet mignon was perfect .
1	absolutely awesome .
1	nice touch and great service !
1	i split the bone-in rib eye which was great !
1	excellent crab cake .
1	the wait staff was impeccable .
1	they were very attentive and actually served our sides to us !
1	the food was excellent , from the appetizers to the entrees .
1	i will be going back again , count on it .
1	seafood apps were the best as well !
1	nice place for a date if your date really appreciates steak !
1	or , at least among the very best .
1	this is my favorite restaurant experience ever .
1	i wanted a really good steak , and boy did i get it !
1	the food was hot and the presentation was excellent .
1	amazing , perfectly cooked filet .
1	sides were pretty good .
1	great food & friendly service .
1	she was amazing !
1	the food was great .
1	phenomenal steaks .
1	it really is as good as everyone says it is .
1	so amazing !
1	their bread is great !
1	the food was phenomenal !
1	we took advantage of the $ _num_ special and it was worth every penny .
1	our waitress was very attentive , sweet and genuine as were all the staff .
1	i would definitely go back again , even without the amazing deal !
1	amazing , perfectly seasoned and melted in your mouth .
1	awesome food !
1	had the scallops at the bar for an appetizer and they were excellent !
1	the double eagle prime strip steak was out of this world delicious .
1	perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection .
1	excellent food and service .
1	the wine selection is great and the bar is very good .
1	the lamb was soooooooo good .
1	amazing !
1	phenomenal food and service .
1	is this a sports bar or a fine dining restaurant ?
1	amazing food .
1	a bit off the strip but definitely worth it .
1	it was costly , and for special occasions , i would say worth it .
1	cozy and friendly atmosphere .
1	the lobster tail is cooked to perfection and literally melts in your mouth .
1	steaks were amazing .
1	had the bone in filet mignon , and it was very good .
1	the best steakhouse period !
1	incredible is about all i can say .
1	food was amazing and their service exceeding my expectations !
1	a bit spendy but totally worth it !
1	highly upscale steakhouse , it is classy and romantic too .
1	fantastic !
1	great service .
1	great service .
1	better food and service than the lv hotel `` name '' hot spots .
1	highly recommend .
1	service was excellent as well .
1	love the whole experience .
1	the quality of the food is fantastic .
1	the appetizers were very good and the service was excellent .
1	great service and great food .
1	friend liked his bone in filet .
1	loved the sweet potato side dish .
1	del frisco 's is wonderful .
1	and they have a great selection of yummy desserts .
1	rochelle was our waitress and she was great .
1	not cheap though so bring a full wallet .
1	i ordered the ribeye steak and it was very very tasty !
1	also get the mango souffl for dessert its best part of the dinner .
1	they moved us no problem and that was when the magic began .
1	i also unexpectedly received a free slice of lemon cake .
1	which is very popular there .
1	the meat had wonderful flavor and was seasoned perfectly .
1	excellent value for the money .
1	awesome service and food .
1	well worth the price .
1	the raw oysters were amazing as was the asparagus .
1	awesome as usual .
1	service was great !
1	if your looking for a great dinner this is the spot of the strip !
1	i 'd recommend this place to anyone .
1	all around great experience .
1	the wait staff is well trained , very knowledgeable and helpful .
1	the pasta that comes with the meal is a bit much .
1	very expensive but worth every single penny .
1	fantastic !
1	the chopped salad was great , filet trio was amazing .
1	wonderful dining experience .
1	the room had a great space and the atmosphere of the restaurant was beautiful .
1	we love all of their sides & bread .
1	quite literally one of the best steaks ive had in my entire life .
1	this has become one of my favorite places to eat in las vegas .
1	the personal attention they give is remarkable !
1	the chopped salad , and lobster mac and cheese are excellent too .
1	i had the best steak ever !
1	drinks were great .
1	the filet is perfect .
1	great meal .
1	brandy was super attentive , knowledgable , kind and pleasant !
1	wow !
1	the service is great and the atmosphere is classic and chill .
1	service was excellent !
1	overall , great service and great food .
1	every dish was excellent and the steak was perfectly prepared and flavored .
1	wow.
1	great food , great service .
1	rib-eye medium rare done perfectly .
1	as good as you could ever expect !
1	true pride and perfection when it comes to service and food quality !
1	this is my second time here and i enjoyed it both times .
1	i had the filet and it was prepared great .
1	wonderful place , delicious steaks !
1	perfect food .
1	the filet came perfectly seasoned and tender .
1	absolutely delicious food in an elegant yet comfortable dining room .
1	thanks , guys ... you made our last night in las vegas very special .
1	superb customer service .
1	highly recommended for the steaks !
1	the staff is always on point and making sure everything is to our liking .
1	meat was delicious .
1	the vip drink is also amazing .
1	best steak in town .
1	crab cakes were amazing .
1	they were amazing .
1	great service , waitstaff very polite and not too overbearing .
1	absolutely nothing !
1	great dining experience !
1	good stuff .
1	first impression was very good .
1	excellent food .
1	excellent service .
1	as for the steak , it had a perfect crust !
1	the bleu cheese wedge salad was delicious .
1	awesome steak house with awesome service !
1	it is hard enough to find a seat at the bar .
1	one of the best steak houses in las vegas !
1	it is up there with sw .
1	excellent service by all staff .
1	especially loved the vip cocktail !
1	both steaks were amazing !
1	service is great as well .
1	everything was great !
1	the wife got the vip martini and she loved it .
1	i love del frisco 's .
1	the bread is amazing .
1	this place was really good .
1	i had the filet mignon and i loved it .
1	loved it all !
1	the service was even better !
1	tatiana our server was just top notch !
1	great old fashioned steak house .
1	omg this place was amazing !
1	the staff was amazing as well .
1	thank you to the staff at del frisco ... .
1	awesome steaks rib eye is my favorite .
1	great sides and awesome service .
1	dropping by this beautiful steak house on my wife 's birthday .
1	the atmosphere is awesome .
1	excellent food but the service really makes this place top notch .
1	the food was worth every penny and especially that lemon came for dessert .
1	the delicious jelly beans at the front door gave it that extra special touch .
1	the beef tasted pretty good .
1	i upgraded my steak to a bone in fillet and it was amazing .
1	plan on spending some $ $ $ but its well worth it .
1	good job .
1	excellent in every form .
1	this place is great .
1	the steak is pretty good .
1	fantastic service .
1	we went to this restaurant on a sunday night and it was great .
1	very worth it .
1	i also really enjoyed their broccoli which was buttered just the right amount .
1	other than those , we ordered side order mushrooms and corn , i love it.
1	the service was pretty good !
1	drinks before dinner with live music in the bar !
1	too bad for them - we loved feeling special at this lovely place !
1	probably ranks as one of the best steakhouses i 've ever been too .
1	try the pinot noir and the shrimp tasting ... excellent .
1	the chicken & sausage gumbo is done perfectly .
1	we typically come here when we are in town and needing a nice steak .
1	we added the drawn truffle butter as recommended by our waiter .
1	the service was impeccable and our waiter was both knowledgeable and helpful .
1	the caesar salad was quite tasty , too .
1	as always the service was exceptional !
1	i would go back here to eat a nice meal .
1	very good steaks and sides .
1	sunday prime $ _num_ is worth it !
1	delicious is the perfect word to describe it .
1	overall a positive experience for me .
1	the service was excellent and the food was good .
1	over all , worth the price , we will definitely go back !
1	though it does cost a bit , it is worth it .
1	unique cocktails , innovative appetizers and spot on steaks .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	awesome bone in steaks .
1	celebrating a wedding and it is a perfect venue for that .
1	this one i can tell you about ... .
1	great experience , service was fantastic .
1	the vip drink is amazing !
1	love it !
1	came here with a party of _num_ and the service was impeccable .
1	we ordered just about every side and they were all good as well .
1	relatively casual vibe ; lots of people came in what looked like golfing gear .
1	james bond table on display serves as a neat conversation piece .
1	we came here while in town celebrating our anniversary .
1	other than that , everything else as good .
1	i love this place .
1	if we ever go back to vegas we will definitely be back !
1	one of the best steak houses i 've ever been to .
1	the sides are simply amazing .
1	the steak salad is a steal and i love drinking those delicious vip martinis !
1	this is my all time favorite steak house !
1	on top of the great food , their service is always amazing .
1	the bone in fillet was tender and flavorful .
1	thank you all for your hospitality ... .
1	went there last night , always excellent service and top quality steaks .
1	another great place !
1	the steaks are expertly prepared and really flavorful .
1	great ambiance .
1	a bit pricey but worth every penny .
1	do n't worry about the price , it 's worth it .
1	super awesomeness _num_ star service , food was delicious manager alexander spectacular service .
1	the service was one of the best i 've had .
1	great food , good ambiance and killer cocktails !
1	great wine list with some very good ones for _num_ to _num_ .
1	the steaks here are superb and the crab cakes are to die for .
1	great wine selection and the sommelier was very knowledgeable as well as attentive .
1	the food was great as usual .
1	the steak was nice and tender .
1	really enjoyed our valentine 's day date here !
1	the potatoes were good , traditional mash fare .
1	best birthday dinner and cake ever .
1	now this is a real steak house .
1	off the strip , quiet , and i highly recommend !
1	this is by far my favorite steakhouse .
1	i took some of my friends and we had a great time .
1	great happy hour !
1	price and food !
1	the atmosphere is very high class .
1	they have piano music in the bar to enjoy while having a drink .
1	i highly recommend this place the sides were awesome too .
1	we will definitely be back again .
1	the rib eye was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection .
1	the best part was the lobster mac .
1	easily one of the best things i 've ever eaten !
1	definitely the best choice .
1	we will definitely come again .
1	love it !
1	broke the bank but love my jeans ... all bright colors .
1	the servers were great and constantly refilled your glass of water .
1	well enjoyed food .
1	beyond humorous people watching .
1	decent , italian fare .
1	hubby and i liked this place .
1	simple lunch , simple food , nothing memorable .
1	nice , so dress nice .
1	that meal was amazing !
1	_num_ ) prime rib burger which hit the spot .
1	highly recommended as one of my favorites in vegas !
1	i ordered the pea soup for an appetizer , which was very tasteful .
1	excellent dining spot in st marks sq of the venetian .
1	i started with a delicious ceasar salad with wonderfully tangy white anchovies .
1	the service was good , to be expected since it was a corporate event .
1	after getting over a bit of sticker shock , the meal was really enjoyable .
1	the fresh mozzarella was divine .
1	excellent service too !
1	this time it was the wild mushroom ravioli , and they were delicious .
1	bread is good , though not as yummy as it is at spago .
1	i 'd love to come back and try more of their menu .
1	what a great evening .
1	yes ... i 'm a wolfgang fan !
1	the food was amazing !
1	atmosphere was wonderful !
1	this was a great dinner all around !
1	this is probably my favorite italian place i have ever tried .
1	the meat is always cooked perfectly and their sauces are to die for .
1	went here for lunch , and had a great meal .
1	the salmon was cooked perfectly .
1	eaten here many times and the food is consistently good .
1	friendly service .
1	the service was really good .
1	we ate here immediately after arriving at the venetian and really enjoyed our time .
1	service , food , ambiance .
1	i got ta say i had some great food experiences here .
1	the tuna tartare was n't amazing , but was very good .
1	nothing ground shaking , but indeed a solid course .
1	well wolfgang , you did well my friend .
1	we love it here .
1	very nice place with great service !
1	food was simple yet elegant and drinks were amazing .
1	waiter was very nice and friendly .
1	we shared the best pizza i 've ever eaten .
1	go there and enjoy .
1	server really knew his wines .
1	love it .
1	great food , great service .
1	enjoyed my meal very much !
1	you 're welcome .
1	everyone else seemed pleased with their food .
1	the roasted turkey on sourdough with chips was very good .
1	i had a seat with great people watching .
1	the service was great and the food was great .
1	amazing food !
1	my husband had pizza of course and loved it .
1	atmosphere in the restaurant is relaxed .
1	i would definitely recommend this place though .
1	overall we had a nice long dinner and we all enjoyed the food .
1	the service was excellent , as was the food .
1	incredible meal .
1	amazing cheese selection , phenomenal beers , great service !
1	this place is very spacious and nice looking place .
1	location is good and is attractive set up .
1	which was so super delicious !
1	this paired perfectly with the bottle of chianti we had .
1	superb dinner .
1	attentive service and top notch food .
1	sea bass well prepared .
1	we took our daughter for the first time , and she was impressed .
1	nightly shows throughout dinner are a big bonus .
1	the food was delicious and the perfect amount .
1	terrific service .
1	try the crisp pork schnitzel ... incredible !
1	fantastic location ( st marks sq ) , excellent service and great food .
1	but it was so tasty that ate it all and all of the frys .
1	a splurge , but worth it !
1	great people watching spot and perfect little bar menu for some snacks .
1	i ordered the hamburger and wow !
1	the seasoning was spot on , fresh tasting & huge !
1	the vibe is fun fun .
1	great broccoli soup !
1	excellent service .
1	i highly reccomend this drink to anyone and everyone !
1	ate here on a friend 's recommendation , so good .
1	my friend had a a rabbit and noodle dish that was really tasty too .
1	will definitely go back .
1	amazing birthday dinner for my best friend .
1	will absolutely return !
1	at our table we also had two different pizzas and a spaghetti with meatballs .
1	service was above and beyond !
1	i had the rib eye salad special , which was nice .
1	good food and great ambience .
1	fantastic way to spend a dinner in vegas .
1	the caesar salad is my absolute favorite .
1	our dinners were superb .
1	all in all a wonderful experience .
1	daniel , our server , was excellent !
1	great find in vegas !
1	friendly staff are pleasant , welcoming and professional .
1	the miniature salmon sliders were very well flavored .
1	best value in the venetian !
1	they also have really good oysters .
1	pretty good canadian bacon and soft and warm biscuits .
1	love this place .
1	the shop opens at 3am which is great for you early birds .
1	which is a good thing .
1	great fresh cheap donuts !
1	and the selection was enormous .
1	very nice selection .
1	the quality and selection are always very consistent .
1	super friendly and respectful .
1	cheap wonderful eats .
1	big donuts and always fresh as well .
1	thanks to yelp i have found some of the best donuts in town !
1	i will be back !
1	made fresh everyday by the same person .
1	like i said best donuts in town hands down .
1	the nice homey feel and cheerful staff is an added bonus .
1	good quality donuts .
1	so unfair !
1	one of my favorite donut places in las vegas !
1	absolutely best donut shop in las vegas .
1	owner is so nice and literally these donuts melt in my mouth !
1	awesome doughnuts of all kinds .
1	excellent donuts !
1	great service !
1	best doughnuts in vegas !
1	moist , fresh , reasonably priced .
1	the owners are really nice .
1	cashier is super nice and gives great customer service !
1	donuts are varied and delicious .
1	it 's next to jersey mikes sandwich shop !
1	this bank is great .
1	good facilities and great memories of this place .
1	i enjoyed staying at the alexis park with my two good buddies .
1	great hotel .
1	well the parking lot is a little small .
1	so if you have a big vehicle valet it .
1	the property is clean , so is the lobby .
1	got a groupon for the hotel for a two night stay .
1	really liked staying at this hotel .
1	we stayed here for a dance event , and loved it !
1	i stayed here for new year 's eve and an event following the holiday .
1	my room was newly remodeled , beautiful , and clean .
1	i will definitely be going back .
1	i loved this place !
1	to me it 's a hidden gem !
1	i highly recommend !
1	great place to stay .
1	my boyfriend and i definitely enjoyed our weekend stay here .
1	this place is a perfect example of that .
1	the grounds were nicely kept and the room was clean .
1	its worth the deal i got on groupon .
1	nice pools .
1	and a small kitchen with a fridge coffee maker and microwave .
1	the servers were professional , friendly and everything came out in great order .
1	staff were friendly and let us check in super early .
1	great experience .
1	we absolutely loved this hotel !
1	they are beautiful to look at .
1	we will definitely return to this great little find and thanks for being there !
1	rooms were nice and clean .
1	staff was very friendly .
1	but i feel this place needs a good one .
1	the tandoori & tikka masala rock !
1	i love it , i love it , i love it !
1	great service , great food , great price .
1	well worth the cab fare from the bellagio .
1	service was swift and friendly .
1	imagine my surprise when i my favorite indian restaurant now completely renovated .
1	still my favorite menu item .
1	highly , highly recommend .
1	best indian food in vegas so far .
1	great price and selection .
1	and the service was super friendly and attentive !
1	still worth checking out .
1	the ambiance here is very nice .
1	the people working here are also very nice .
1	the mango pudding is so freaking delicious it takes you straight to heaven .
1	now this place has an awesome buffet .
1	the decor was nice and indian and even the restrooms were clean .
1	very satisfied , highly recommend .
1	for las vegas standards , this is fantastic indian dining establishment .
1	their food is delicious !
1	thanks gary for being amazing and awesome as always .
1	the food is awesome and the service is good .
1	the buffet was overall decent .
1	it was creamy and flavorful with crunchy veggies .
1	the service is really friendly and very attentive so major points for that .
1	enjoy !
1	the new decor is a plus , too .
1	great food and great service .
1	i go for the buffet and it 's always a wide selection of food .
1	excellent indian food in vegas .
1	in spite of the appetizer drawback the customer service is impeccable !
1	enjoyed service and most of the items on buffet .
1	the service was also great .
1	both had real wonderful flavors and soaked everything up with naan .
1	the food is fantastic .
1	lunch buffet is delicious !
1	i am very happy i did .
1	the restaurant is clean .
1	i found the wait staff to be quite attentive and friendly .
1	very friendly hosts and nice ambiance .
1	glad we found this gem ... .
1	highly recommended .
1	loved it . )
1	i love to eat , so i know .
1	loved it , am going back !
1	india palace is our favorite indian restaurant in las vegas .
1	has been delicious so it makes it hard to choose just one dish !
1	the chicken tikka masala , and well , everything else here tastes amazing !
1	delicious !
1	everything was fresh and delicious .
1	it was a great time being at india palace .
1	thank you very much gary , we truly like your service .
1	great food !
1	very flavorful .
1	food is good and service is really awesome specially garry .
1	amazing food , fantastic atmosphere !
1	it is a great deal .
1	we got a mango lassi on the house !
1	they make everything just the way you want it to be .
1	this place has the most awesome food and best service .
1	will definitely go back & would recommend this place to friends .
1	this is my favorite indian restaurant in las vegas .
1	i love that when i order spicy , they actually make it spicy .
1	food was extraordinary .
1	prices are pretty high , but you get what you pay for .
1	the food was great and the service was n't bad .
1	the service is very good and the food is amazing .
1	took a friend here and we were both very pleased .
1	overall the service was good .
1	best indian food i have ever had in america .
1	overall a great experience .
1	i bought a groupon for it !
1	our server garry was very nice and helpful .
1	his cheerful demeanor won us over and we decided to dine in .
1	this was a wonderful dinner for us .
1	would definitely recommend to tourists and locals alike .
1	you are the best .
1	he has been superb and accommodating .
1	great job ... .
1	one of the best indian restaurants i 've been to .
1	great place !
1	great service and nice and clean !
1	highly recommended !
1	goat curry is delicious !
1	rice pudding is perfect dessert with an indian coffee !
1	the service was just as great .
1	i highly recommend this restaurant !
1	excellent food the flavors , the environment and the service .
1	this place rocks !
1	garry , our waiter , was incredibly nice and gave us fantastic service .
1	the sauce was smooth and perfectly spiced .
1	meh , i thought .
1	he was extremely friendly and pleasant and made my experience there top notch .
1	vick was wonderful and helpful as well .
1	every dish was so absolutely delicious and seasoned perfectly .
1	amazing food .
1	hands off to the chef with his skills this place is amazing .
1	this is a hidden gem !
1	it 's possibly the best indian food i 've ever had .
1	also , the server , mani , was fantastic !
1	this is the best indian food in vegas , beautiful decor .
1	wow !
1	fabulous food and courteous waitstaff .
1	so good !
1	the food was marvelous , the service quick and friendly .
1	everything we ordered was great !
1	excellent food .
1	the neighborhood is no great shakes but the restaurant is top notch .
1	love this place !
1	vick is the best waiter .
1	best indian food in vegas !
1	great food and great service .
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	garry was great with suggestions when asked about the food there .
1	thanks again for the being the best , garry !
1	personable and lovely staff .
1	i love this place .
1	the food is so fresh and cooked to perfection .
1	our waiter , manny , was just wonderful , very attentive and helpful .
1	he took great care of us .
1	loved the big screen tv and the indian music videos - nice touch .
1	we do n't eat much indian food , but this place was amazing .
1	the food was excellent !
1	clearly a popular choice .
1	best indian restaurant hands down !
1	great food .
1	the food was very authentic , service was great .
1	vick was a great server with recommendations and very attentive .
1	we will definitely return .
1	he took excellent care of us .
1	i love atmosphere here as well , very refreshing .
1	we went in with little expectations , food was absolutely delicious .
1	i will definitely be going back .
1	best indian food , very tasty .
1	we tried many dishes and each was wonderful .
1	excellent service by manny .
1	he was very social and attentive .
1	we highly recommend this place.
1	once again , the food was amazing !
1	our waiter , vick , was very personable and helpful with the menu !
1	when i 'm back in town i will _num_ % return .
1	this place is amazing !
1	go check it out !
1	great service by vick , food is always fantastic .
1	always a warm welcome and the food is served quick and made to perfection .
1	the food is very good , and the atmosphere is authentic indian .
1	i appreciate it .
1	manny was a great server !
1	one of the good indian restaurant in las vegas .
1	dinner specials are the best bang for your buck !
1	excellent food .
1	full flavor without over seasoning .
1	price is a bit deep , but it is worth it .
1	very unique but well done .
1	the buffet also looked very good .
1	highly recommended .
1	great food and great hospitality !
1	will definitely go back .
1	love , love , love this place .
1	best indian in town .
1	vick takes good care of us .
1	the place looks shady from the outside but it 's awesome on the inside .
1	it 's amazing and vick ( the waiter ) is so professional .
1	food is hot and delicious .
1	i recommend it .
1	great buffet and ala carte .
1	the food is spectacular !
1	this place is fantastic .
1	fresh bread served at your table , your choice of plain or garlic .
1	two very good desserts ... rice pudding or creamy mango custard .
1	will definitely be back .
1	the portions are good , the place is clean and the service is friendly .
1	he rocks .
1	i got a great groupon dinner deal for _num_ .
1	india palace has authentic delicious cuisine !
1	great food .
1	the entrees `` looked small '' but damn we were so full .
1	very fresh ingredients .
1	it 's killer but very filling .
1	ask for vick when you visit , he is the best .
1	just amazing .
1	naan bread ... perfection ... .
1	this place is incredible .
1	perfect spice level .
1	great food , great price and great service .
1	i would definitely recommend this place !
1	we liked everything we ordered !
1	the food is good but not excellent .
1	the service was exceptional .
1	hard to find such authentic indian food in usa !
1	what an awesome buffet !
1	service was friendly and helpful in selecting dishes .
1	prices are very well priced .
1	friendly servers .
1	korma is amazing ... vindaloo was soooo good !
1	he will take very good care of you !
1	taste and ambiance of the place was nice .
1	i like their buffet as well .
1	great food , great service , and very helpful recommendations .
1	totally recommend checking this place out !
1	india palace is clean and comfortable .
1	manny led us thru our meal .
1	probably one of my favorite places for lunch .
1	they have a great lunch buffet .
1	i will definitely come back for more .
1	customer service : very friendly staff !
1	the restaurant has been updated and the staff is friendly and courteous .
1	mint sauce is soooo good .
1	they also respond really fast which is nice .
1	authentic , delicious , affordable indian cuisine .
1	honestly amazing !
1	the garlic naan bread was really good .
1	we tried a lot and everything was good .
1	the decor is great because it does n't look cheap !
1	the inside of the restaurant is nice .
1	will definitely go again .
1	the food was amazing and the service was good too .
1	the best indian restaurant in the area .
1	service was amazing as well by the great gary .
1	we have become regulars here and it is well worth the drive .
1	food was delicious like always .
1	amazing food and awesome vibes .
1	overall amazing experience !
1	best place ever !
1	super friendly staff !
1	this place is awesome !
1	great food , decent prices , & very fancy inside !
1	totally recommended .
1	these guys are great !
1	really fun really tasty and affordable !
1	i highly recommend this restaurant !
1	lunch buffet was excellent .
1	good variety both meat and vegetarian .
1	super nice , friendly and helpful .
1	this is a very good indian restaurant .
1	such great food !
1	a wonderful way to spend lunch hour with my oldest daughter on her birthday !
1	great buffet selection here .
1	excellent service and amazing food .
1	spice level was very adequate .
1	absolutely delicious food !
1	delicious food .
1	- good food , paneer entree was really really good .
1	- great service , packed our food really well .
1	loved the service .
1	totally , i had a good experience with india palace .
1	in such a sensitive situation he handled it like a true professional .
1	yes , it is pricey .
1	that 's always a win win .
1	i will be going back , next time with my mom !
1	i ... ... ... ... i ... ... ... .
1	i ... ... ... .
1	i 'd rather play it on a table !
1	the guys were hot ... really friendly and lots of fun .
1	plenty of fun for the guys .
1	interesting to know its a lady and gentlemen club .
1	dollars worth of dances .
1	yikes .
1	the girls are hot though .
1	just dont go often ... especially you want to eventually make it home .
1	this one is the best !
1	we had the limo service pick up deal which worked out perfect !
1	once we arrived , it was packed but we luckily got seats center stage .
1	it 's like a zoo in here with lots of wild animals .
1	the girls can take advantage of the guys but hey thats their job .
1	they had good music and the strippers were actually really pretty .
1	the place was packed since we went on extended weekend .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	the best of the best !
1	they have some of the best mexican food in vegas !
1	best gentleman 's club in town .
1	the girls were sexy , beautiful , respectful and absolutely couples friendly .
1	we both got sexy hot lap dances and were amazed at the pole dancing .
1	loved it .
1	it was a nice surprise .
1	the reviews here are pretty old .
1	i visited friends here .
1	apartments are modern and fully furnished .
1	perfect !
1	i really enjoy the high end merchandise in this store .
1	juan was a delight to work with .
1	great price !
1	the prices are great and the people are friendly .
1	stay away from the regular stuff .
1	this place is one of the most authentic chinese food i 've ever had .
1	the food here is delish !
1	i nice break and just one block from the strip !
1	once you find it , you 'll visit again , i assure you !
1	the fantastic flavors were truly unexpected .
1	i love anything in their black bean sauce .
1	my favorite thing is their beef chow fun .
1	also , they pour a good drink next door in sonny 's !
1	great chinese food and good value for lunch specials .
1	excellent place !
1	sooooooo good !
1	the customer service is sooo awesome and price are reasonable !
1	their lunch specials are very good .
1	this is great food for reasonable price and very friendly staff .
1	more of a take out place but they have plenty of tables .
1	great hole in the wall place !
1	satisfaction guaranteed !
1	friendly staff , quick service .
1	all i can remember was that everything we ordered was good .
1	house fried rice and spicy pork chops are a must .
1	it is authentic with good portions .
1	the rooms are better than decent and it 's close enough to the strip .
1	easy access to the strip .
1	great value !
1	my room was all modern architecture and really cool .
1	love it .
1	nice clean rooms , good service , and low rates .
1	the pool was great , and clean .
1	hooters hotel and casino was right next door .
1	even being this close to the strip , it was nice and quiet .
1	we found them really helpful , and accommodating !
1	such a great deal .
1	next to hooters and located behind the mgm .
1	excellent place for those on a budget .
1	i really like this place .
1	went for labor day weekend ... and it was a great place to stay .
1	will stay here again !
1	the rooms are a nice .
1	we had an amazing wedding at the tropicana !
1	we had some friends and family attend .
1	overall very happy with the wedding .
1	great place to say i do !
1	everything was perfect .
1	they made our wedding exactly what we wanted .
1	chipotle saved the day .
1	& with jalapeno sauce it is even better .
1	i love chipotle !
1	amazingly fast , delicious food .
1	the food was great .
1	which is great for chipotle but not so good for their customers .
1	all ingredients were fresh .
1	it was great .
1	absolutely thrilled with our stay here !
1	got a great deal online .
1	this hotel is pretty big , well maintained , and outstanding staff .
1	great amenities .
1	i ordered the nachos and they were delicious !
1	we got the deluxe nachos are a pre game appetizer .
1	it was delicious and it works as an appetizer for 2-3 people .
1	very fresh like they said .
1	great fast food .
1	love to come again .
1	a friend order beef tacos he said they we 're good .
1	the quality is consistent and i 've never once been disappointed .
1	i have always visited after work during happy hour .
1	let me say , in my case , the service was excellent .
1	but the quality of the food is superb .
1	their happy hour menu is good as well .
1	a solid choice for a business lunch ( but call ahead !
1	great happy hour food deals , very good food .
1	the kids menu is great , plenty to choose from .
1	great classy upscale steak and seafood spot .
1	the food is inexpensive and most of the items are decent to rather delicious .
1	good food !
1	it came with mashed sweet potatoes .
1	it was an incredible meal .
1	my scallops were some of the best i 've ever had .
1	great food .
1	much better pricing and value that casino restaurants .
1	worth the trip off the strip .
1	the service was good , place was clean and food was a+ .
1	usually get food to go but also enjoy the happy hour .
1	reliably good with great service .
1	perfect for business lunches .
1	my review us strictly from their happy hour .
1	above and beyond each and every time !
1	my experience at this seafood restaurant was great .
1	the salmon was delightful .
1	and the food was fresh and delightful !
1	good selection of menu choices .
1	plus they were so friendly and sweet with our babies !
1	this is definitely mine and the hubby 's happy hour and seafood spot .
1	sean was our server and he was so nice .
1	we ordered his recommendations and they were all very tasty .
1	both were very good .
1	for a fine dining place like that , we expected better service .
1	friendly service .
1	good food .
1	solid choice .
1	i almost steal a slice of beef from his plate .
1	fast and friendly service is always a plus when you are on vacation .
1	excellent steak and lobster .
1	i ordered the steak medium rare and it was perfectly cooked .
1	absolutely loved this place !
1	excellent experience .
1	we tried _num_ different items on the happy hour menu .
1	my hubby and i just had a wonderful evening here .
1	they did an outstanding job .
1	it was amazing .
1	excellent food and waiter was very attentive !
1	both dishes were flavorful !
1	love the outside seating when the weather is nice .
1	the hotel is quiet , clean and rarely smells of smoke anywhere .
1	the employees were all very friendly .
1	the room comes with starbucks coffee and tea as well .
1	overall , i thought this hotel was great .
1	the bathroom and beds were really nice and everything looked clean .
1	wow , i have to disagree with the majority of these reviews .
1	i love this westin .
1	will definitely go back !
1	_num_ great hotel room value for the real estate .
1	the blankets keep you so warm .
1	it was a great help !
1	decent rooms , very clean , great quality for the money .
1	wow , credit that can be used to buy something actually legitimate .
1	great location , just a block from the strip .
1	it was great !
1	what a really nice surprise .
1	they have a nice bar and small casino floor .
1	the spa is very nice and very soothing .
1	nice to have a starbucks in house too .
1	the restaurant is surprisingly good .
1	i love this hotel !
1	enjoyed a fantastic swedish massage at the spa !
1	he totally understands customer service and excels at making clients feel welcomed .
1	the staff was helpful and friendly and had great suggestions for activities and dining .
1	great atmosphere !
1	_num_ times odds on dice !
1	exactly what i wanted , great view clean bed clean bathroom friendly staff .
1	overall i highly recommend it , but if only they had a bigger pool .
1	the rooms are always clean , and the patrons are n't too rowdy .
1	front desk staff was very polite and professional .
1	great rates as well , like i said - i would stay again !
1	enjoy !
1	wish i spent my entire trip here .
1	beautiful pool .
1	i really enjoy the convince of this property .
1	the check in is effortless and the staff are fantastic .
1	clean rooms and for being platinum members we got a nice view .
1	for the price it 's great !
1	i was really pleased with our experience here .
1	i recommend this hotel to anyone but especially those with children !
1	oh and the beds are amazingly comfy !
1	i 'm a bit of a hotel snob and i love this hotel !
1	overall , we were pleased with our stay and would return .
1	clean , comfortable , spacious rooms !
1	a gift shop and a starbucks is also located in the lobby .
1	nice hotel ... .
1	off the strip but sometimes that is good .
1	the staff is very nice and accommodating .
1	service poolside was great too !
1	the westin is peaceful and so relaxing .
1	highly recommend !
1	the breakfast buffet is outstanding and the newly renovated bar is great .
1	i definitely love the location .
1	but for me it was perfect .
1	nothing extra special in the rooms but definitely had good service .
1	great las vegas hotel experience .
1	without this hotel i would have been stranded .
1	rooms were very clean .
1	this location was great .
1	conveniently located , lots of amenities and a very friendly , accommodating staff .
1	the location for the price is unbeatable .
1	i will continue coming here .
1	great selection , and great sister stores as well .
1	really appreciate that kind of service .
1	the selection is fantastic whether it 's accessories or clothing .
1	one of the best in overall selection that i 've ever experienced .
1	the girl who helped me in their incredible shoe department was a star .
1	impeccable service in the shoe dept this past sunday .
1	lean on the sales associates for advice and good finds .
1	the people that helped me were quick , courteous , and very thoughtful .
1	i love the employees that work in the jeans department .
1	i walk out happy with just the perfect pair of jeans every single visit .
1	i love to eat at the cafe after hours of shopping .
1	very happy with the service i received and will happily return .
1	from cosmetic to clothing , they have good selection and nice customer service .
1	i liked to enjoy private sales service and atmosphere .
1	a wonderful addition to your team .
1	josh was absolutely awesome .
1	good hire .
1	each time the customer service is excellent .
1	early access sale is amazing !
1	i had excellent customer service .
1	actually , that 's about average for a large city .
1	was very happy on what they recommend and did on my nails .
1	okay , they got us good .
1	it got our whole family for up to a few minutes .
1	very impressive .
1	great place to window shop .
1	definitely coming back here to stroll the next time i 'm in town .
1	my party got held up and showed up late .
1	the food was hot and fresh and the service was exceptional .
1	this place is a prime example .
1	calamari was good .
1	salad heaven !
1	the employees were soooo nice .
1	had the soup and salad and it was a good size .
1	the waiter was very detailed attentive and fun .
1	awesome food .
1	amazing ravioli and an equally brilliant spaghetti with vegetables .
1	the food was really good and we all had a fabulous time .
1	great food !
1	i 'm a pasta lover , and this restaurant always hits the spot !
1	the bread was delicious and my waiter was helpful !
1	i thought the atmosphere was fun , although a little crowded .
1	great food and great service .
1	kid friendly .
1	the food tasted terrific .
1	they have a thursday - saturday special .
1	family style italian restaurant that serves up your typical italian fare .
1	overall i enjoyed my experience .
1	we had more than enough food for us and our two children .
1	solid .
1	amazing food , great customer service and unique and interesting decor .
1	you pay for what you get ... delicious !
1	waiter was really friendly and accommodating .
1	prices are reasonable and service was great .
1	overall pretty good !
1	the food is always delicious .
1	what a great experience our family had at this location .
1	best part was dessert ... .
1	we were pleasantly surprised .
1	we got the baked ziti and the pizza , and both were actually good .
1	i loved this place !
1	the food came out one right after the other .
1	the garlic bread and cheese bread was good .
1	the food was perfect as was the entire experience .
1	the staff was great .
1	great food , great ambiance !
1	the staff was professional and on top of everything .
1	she was professional and covered all charges up front with me .
1	anthony was the manager on duty and he was amazing !
1	the best italian restaurant outside of boston 's north end .
1	beautiful interiors .
1	definitely recommended !
1	soooo good .
1	the sales staff is very attentive and knowledgeable .
1	my husband and i both made purchases here and really liked our experience .
1	charles is the sales associate who helped us out and he was great .
1	had a great experience shopping here with my wife .
1	he has excellent customer service .
1	the atmosphere is well suited for the well decorated and casual mgm grand .
1	great place to eat , although the place is kinda pricey !
1	very cool atmosphere and good food too !
1	we ate so much good food , we left very happy !
1	i had a pasta dish with white sauce and it was great .
1	i also ordered a cocktail and it was great too .
1	the crazy decor is always fun at any of the rainforest locations .
1	food delicious !
1	my son enjoyed the atmosphere .
1	cool atmosphere .
1	food was good , service was good , atmosphere great !
1	definitely come here if you 're looking for a change of scenery !
1	our food was great too .
1	great for families !
1	i 've loved this place since i was a kid .
1	color me pleasantly surprised !
1	we had an excellent server .
1	good food , very cool atmosphere .
1	but great service .
1	atmosphere is very much catered to families with young kids .
1	the prices were just super high !
1	the spinach artichoke dip was very tasty !
1	loved the macadamia tilapia .
1	the food was good .
1	it is a kid friendly place .
1	loved the atmosphere , and the food was good .
1	thoroughly enjoyed our lunch here .
1	all in all a very pleasant and enjoyable visit .
1	the service and food was excellent !
1	for what we paid i think the food was great and went above expectations .
1	it 's a great place to bring kids or large parties .
1	there are many large fish tanks with lots of cool fish .
1	love the food , love the experience .
1	the food and booze were delicious , and the service was fantastic .
1	i 'm having a drink right next to an elephant .
1	i love all the wildlife and plants .
1	the food was great .
1	love it .
1	food came out fast and food was good .
1	good portion sizes .
1	the bartenders are friendly and funny too !
1	had a great time and such a fabulous and patient waiter funny and polite .
1	the drinks and food are good too .
1	service is fast and friendly as well .
1	my girlfriend and i shared the appetizer adventure and the pot roast .
1	i really hope they did n't think i was lying .
1	da best .
1	my burger was cooked on point , well done all around .
1	everything came out fresh and good .
1	fun environment for the kids .
1	great service .
1	love going there !
1	enjoy !
1	fantastic food !
1	finally , finish it off with crepes and you 're set for the night !
1	i enjoyed my meal very much and so did my mother .
1	sashimi was surprisingly fresh and tasty .
1	this was the best sushi and seafood buffet that i have had so far .
1	a bit on the pricey side , but it 's all you can eat .
1	it 's pretty expensive , but there is a wide variety of choices .
1	tasty food .
1	the food here is delicious .
1	even the rice was enjoyable .
1	nevertheless , quite tasty .
1	their quality is so nice and clean .
1	the baked shrimp was really good too .
1	service was fantastic .
1	with that said for what it is i think it is really good .
1	everything from the sashimi to the udon and desserts were delicious .
1	great service and an excellent sushi selection .
1	win .
1	great place to eat .
1	if we go back it will be for lunch and we will valet .
1	the sushi was plentiful and fresh .
1	good value for $ _num_ .
1	we were skeptical due to some reviews but this place was great !
1	definitely worth the price !
1	good selection of hot and cold foods to choose from too !
1	i love todai 's mostly because i love sushi in general .
1	i love all you can eat even more .
1	was the best buffet experience i had in vegas for sure !
1	from regular dishes to sushi sashimi , everything tasted so good .
1	this is by far one of my favorite spots to eat when in vegas !
1	best sushi place i have ever been too .
1	my family and i got so full .
1	the korean bbq is amazing !
1	my family and i dined here on vacation and we enjoyed it .
1	love it !
1	the made to order udon was also good .
1	good food .
1	for a buffet , the sushi is pretty good and there 's plenty !
1	plenty of different kinds to chose from at this great buffet !
1	you will also find a great selection of cook food .
1	loved this place !
1	the sanitation was also top notch .
1	great price for all you can eat sushi !
1	i will go again !
1	yummy all you can eat sushi and japanese food .
1	the fish was fresh .
1	all the other dishes were amazing .
1	wait staff was amazing !
1	i won !
1	the sashimi salmon and poke alone was worth the price of admission for me .
1	this is the best todai in las vegas .
1	thank you for great and friendly services .
1	i really enjoy soft shell crab hand rolls here .
1	delicious and tasty , large seafood selection , staff are nice .
1	enjoyed my dinner here .
1	nice variety of food .
1	good sushi roll and hand rolls .
1	food and service was great .
1	we had a wonderful meal here last night .
1	this stores is beautiful , even more beautiful are it 's dressing rooms .
1	this store is great .
1	just some ice cream , please .
1	they serve the best sundaes i have ever had in my life .
1	their chocolate ice cream cone is also very good .
1	this place definitely makes my mouth very happy !
1	it tasted great as well .
1	they had great ice cream sundaes .
1	i went here twice and both times were great .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	they took care of me in a professional and efficient manner .
1	their level of customer service is stellar .
1	it 's about keeping clients happy to return and do future business .
1	it was a very simple transaction .
1	love this place !
1	great customer service is here !
1	joyce is the best in the land .
1	straight professional , friendly and knowledgeable .
1	good hip hop playing but the spanish never came !
1	the customer service was also good .
1	buns were nice and warm .
1	but the food is a must in fashion show mall .
1	had a fun time dining here with friends when we were in vegas .
1	good thing the food was so good though .
1	i come here for the incredible salads !
1	the bar here is surprisingly good as well , i would recommend their mojito .
1	it 's fabulous and inventive .
1	good lunch .
1	i forgot how good this place was will be back soon .
1	i freaking love cpk !
1	food was very good as well as service .
1	truly amazing !
1	service was pretty good too .
1	just home from another good meal with old friends .
1	the manager was super nice and the staff was great .
1	everything was really good !
1	loved the service from the time i stepped in until the time i left .
1	it was excellent !
1	i love this place !
1	recommend everyone to eat at this location .
1	the best pumpkin cheesecake on the planet !
1	so grateful for this dynamic meal !
1	service always first class !
1	my pizza was fine and the salad was good .
1	i love town square and it was my first to this restaurant .
1	overall _num_ star and recommend this place .
1	includes appetizer , main course , bread , and desert .
1	our meal was piping hot !
1	but the best part was the amazing service !
1	it was amazing !
1	this really made my eating at vegas good .
1	all the staff were very nice !
1	love this place .
1	well presented .
1	wow , great beef .
1	the creamed spinach is awesome .
1	lawry 's suited us perfectly .
1	i really liked the spinach and creamy corn sides .
1	the bread was great too .
1	the prime rib was cooked to perfection and always great on taste .
1	if you havent been to lawry 's vegas , its worth checking it out .
1	this old world establishment is perfect for a hearty , wholesome meal .
1	the prime rib was very good and had the yummy sides .
1	i would definitely come back here again !
1	best prime ribs i ever had .
1	ive been here once and ill come back for you again ... .
1	by far the best prime rib i 've eaten .
1	eat the prime rib and have the delicious sides .
1	vegas trip of course !
1	okay so this place rocks .
1	the decor was semi fancy and the service was brilliant .
1	this place is a must when you visit vegas .
1	by far the best prime rib i 've ever had .
1	probably the best that ive ever had .
1	it was pleasantly surprising .
1	still just as tasty tho !
1	all three course meals the deserts are also very good .
1	damn it i like it .
1	reservations are a good bet .
1	she gave us a brief history of the place and delivered wonderful service .
1	wow oh wow the prime rib was the bomb very juicy .
1	the service is great and the prime rib taste is excellent .
1	all the waiters are so friend .
1	their staff pays attention to details & are very friendly .
1	it 's a very classy place & the ambiance is sooooo cozy & comfortable .
1	love both their house merlot and cabernet .
1	what i wanted to comment about is my newest discovery - their french martini .
1	lawry 's the prime rib does well with both .
1	incredible !
1	was this place memorable .
1	delicious cuts of juicy prime rib , tasty side dishes , and a+ service .
1	excellent place for special occasions .
1	this was the best prime rib i 've ever had !
1	very memorable & right off the strip .
1	tender and cooked to perfection .
1	as good as prime rib gets !
1	spinning salad , calamari , all very delicious .
1	she was very attentive and by the book .
1	the food is excellent and the service is always good .
1	lawry 's is the best prime rib in las vegas .
1	what a great experience everytime i am here .
1	love the food .
1	everyone in the restaurant is so nice and the service is wonderful .
1	i ordered a medium rare and it was perfect .
1	great service and the food is _num_ % amazing !
1	an absolute treat .
1	loved it.
1	i love this place !
1	also , feel welcomed and taken care of !
1	service was good , great prime rib and the cream corn was exceptional .
1	love this place .
1	our dinner at lawry 's was outstanding .
1	service was great , atmosphere was charming , and food was fantastic .
1	the prime rib is fantastic !
1	service was outstanding .
1	miss post , my server was wonderful !
1	i love prime rib and this was amazing !
1	this is definitely my new favorite special occasion restaurant !
1	we started with calamari , which was great .
1	the prime rib is incredible and you will not regret anything you eat here .
1	the food is delicious and you wo n't come out hungry !
1	they are outstanding !
1	the food was excellent along with the service .
1	in the last _num_ days , i 've been to vegas twice .
1	very tasty and excellent service .
1	the peach iced tea is really good too .
1	the price is worth the great food and great service .
1	it 's prime !
1	both were fantastic and loved the creamed spinach .
1	i honestly really enjoyed it , others did n't .
1	the creamed spinach was delicious .
1	three words : prime rib chili .
1	it was absolutely delicious !
1	got our food in a timely manner and the prime rib was awesome !
1	highly recommend .
1	atmosphere was really good .
1	still feature the best prime rib i could ever have .
1	this place is a classic .
1	the prime rib and the service was excellent .
1	the restaurant is good for special occasions or a nice date night .
1	the service was impeccable , the dinner fantastic and dessert was divine !
1	celebrated my 40th birthday here with my family !
1	the waitress was extremely polite and impressive .
1	two with steak and one with sea bass .
1	the atmosphere and experience was excellent !
1	both prime ribs were cooked perfectly .
1	we also sat at the bar while we waited and had wonderfully made drinks .
1	we will come every time we are in town !
1	excellent customer service .
1	best prime rib ever .
1	prime rib its their specialty and they do out right .
1	very consistent service and quality in la and vegas locations .
1	great food , had an amazing meal here !
1	i could eat this weekly !
1	arguably one of my favorite meals of all time .
1	i love the vip program too !
1	ms post was the best !
1	best dining experience since moving to vegas _num_ months ago .
1	i love this place .
1	this is my favorite special occasion restaurant .
1	i love this place so much .
1	outstanding prime rib !
1	the best steak in vegas .
1	outstanding service by a team with liz ?
1	the prime rib and sides were so tasty .
1	amazing .
1	it is prime rib after all .
1	one of the best prime rib i 've had .
1	another great dining experience this past veterans day weekend .
1	service was excellent too .
1	food is amazing .
1	delicious and great service !
1	came here from a recommendation for a client dinner - everyone was impressed .
1	along with the yummy food the service is awesome .
1	the prime rib was delicious !
1	loved it .
1	the prime rib is outstanding .
1	if you love prime rib this is the place to be .
1	what a lovely experience !
1	the staff was friendly and the food was so delicious .
1	i love the presentation of each course .
1	the bar up front is a plus if there is a wait !
1	the starter salad was so good .
1	my boyfriend had the prime rib and he was in heaven .
1	we both enjoyed it so much .
1	service is exceptional , and expected when you dine in restaurants of this caliber .
1	i highly recommend reservations .
1	this is the best meal i have had in recent memory .
1	all of the food was really amazing .
1	it was sooooo good .
1	this was a really nice treat .
1	awesome meal !
1	it was tender and very flavorful .
1	service was excellent .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	it is worth to come and enjoy your delicious meal !
1	our waitress ms. taylor was amazing and very knowledgeable .
1	our food was amazing and the prime rib tasted amazing especially on the bone .
1	i loved this place and definitely will come back multiple times .
1	inside is beautiful and much different than any other restaurant you 've been to .
1	they seldom offer any `` fusion '' dishes and i find that refreshing .
1	the spinning salad bowl presentation was cool and the salad good .
1	service was good .
1	really good place for a drink and a good steak .
1	the whole experience is incredible .
1	the service is n't the best , but it is still pretty good .
1	everything , and mean everything is great !
1	she took my drink order while we enjoyed the complimentary warm yummy bread .
1	all the sides were perfect and the wild mushrooms were incredible .
1	great ambiance and nice self order sandwich and salad bar !
1	strongly recommended !
1	the prime rib was delicious .
1	steak was delicious .
1	highly reccomend !
1	aside from the beautiful restaurant the food & service was right on point !
1	great place for prime rib ... could n't be better .
1	the prime rib was really good !
1	the shrimp cocktail was really good & the shrimps were big .
1	the dinner was fantastic , and server rhonda was amazing in recommendations .
1	the food was amazing .
1	the prime rib really melts in your mouth .
1	outstanding food and service .
1	salad was great and the service was exceptional .
1	it was our first lawry experience and we loved it .
1	simply fantastic !
1	the service , the food , and the decor are like nothing else .
1	i was pleased with my choices !
1	the meal was very good and i enjoyed the experience !
1	this was some of the best prime rib around !
1	the spin salad is phenomenal .
1	from our prime rib cooked to perfection to our delightful servers assistant luis .
1	the prime rib is absolutely the best you 'll ever eat .
1	excellent food and service !
1	we will certainly eat here again next time we are in town .
1	prime rib .
1	the most smooth taste i 've ever had .
1	fine dining at it 's best .
1	was this restaurant fun .
1	without a doubt the best `` flavored '' martini i have ever had .
1	we will be back for more incredible food and exceptional service .
1	you ca n't beat that , we enjoyed every minute .
1	and it was awesome !
1	but everything else was good !
1	so much fun .
1	great service , awesome old school atmosphere , and of course awesome prime rib !
1	but what a treat .
1	so fun !
1	the atmosphere was pleasant , from the dim lighting to the wait staff .
1	great experience !
1	the chef came and introduced himself to the party .
1	it was the best experience that i have ever had !
1	it makes the world a better place and me a happy boy .
1	amazing !
1	great food from a great name !
1	i recommend it greatly !
1	i loved the outfits that the wait staff used .
1	ive had the pleasure of doing both lunch and dinner here .
1	the meat was tasty , perfectly cooked and served table side .
1	food knowledge & service excellent !
1	everything was amazing here , the food , staff and ambiance .
1	the atmosphere is wonderful , upscale but not stuffy .
1	our waiter mr jones was fantastic .
1	beautiful place .
1	the waitress and everybody were so nice .
1	prime rib here is done right !
1	dear god , this prime rib is magnificent .
1	the dressing was delicious .
1	we enjoyed the experience so much had to put the review on yelp !
1	others got the turkey and loved it as well .
1	the yams were so good !
1	still one of the best !
1	au jus ... just right .
1	service is friendly and more than enough parking .
1	our waiter lou williams was patient and informative and made our night very special !
1	reservations are easy to come by .
1	of course the prime rib is always on point !
1	it certainly was n't cheap .
1	what a great experience .
1	service great .
1	food quality is on point and the service is amazing .
1	bring your eating pants bc u you will be full .
1	excellent , excellent , excellent .
1	excellent service and atmosphere .
1	a really classy and satisfying experience overall .
1	treat yourself and your favorite person to lawry 's hospitality and flavor .
1	diego ( our server ) was the best we have ever had .
1	thanks so much !
1	we had a terrific time celebrating a birthday with friends .
1	i ordered the california cut and the meat literally melts in your mouth .
1	definitely one of the best and reasonably priced meal out here in vegas .
1	for an appetizer i began with the shrimp cocktail .
1	that was pretty fresh and tasted amazing .
1	that being said its worth the time to put on a cute dress .
1	one of my favorite in vegas .
1	an unforgettable experience !
1	it is impeccable .
1	spinning salad , great sides and good service !
1	the prime rib is the best i have ever had .
1	we eat here for special occasions because of the travel .
1	a classic !
1	prime rib is great and so is the service .
1	my favorite restaurant in vegas .
1	classy , just off the strip and great for special occasions .
1	the food and service was great !
1	the server was so attentive and patient with us .
1	food was amazing , especially their bread and sides .
1	i recommend this restaurant with her visiting town or just for the night out .
1	super clean and they staff is very helpful and nice .
1	same day service ; washed and folded perfectly .
1	it may not be the best of neighborhoods but it is worth it !
1	the helpfulness of the attendants is an extremely nice touch !
1	the washers got the job done .
1	you guys rock !
1	place is clean and area felt safe .
1	great place , they have everything you need at a reasonable price .
1	a slice of new york style cheesecake is ridiculously big .
1	a nice little deli in the forum shops .
1	i recommend the lox platter .
1	friendly staff , fun scenery , tremendous people watching .
1	he is truly a master at his craft .
1	wow !
1	and free happy hour .
1	the breakfast was excellent .
1	best embassy ive ever stayed in .
1	staff was very friendly .
1	the place is clean for the most part .
1	it is relatively close to a monorail station , which i consistently use .
1	thank you embassy suites .
1	i recently stayed here and was pleasantly surprised .
1	access to the strip is relatively close as well via monorail .
1	i liked the gym facility .
1	breakfast was good .
1	so friendly !
1	omelet bar made fresh every morning .
1	they are great .
1	breakfast was perfect .
1	great place to stay !
1	awesome !
1	will definitely be back !
1	free breakfast was great .
1	the large balcony provides a great view of las vegas .
1	chris at the front desk is absolutely amazing and gives the best customer service .
1	thank you embassy suites for taking care of us !
1	we were on the 8th floor with a nice view of the strip .
1	as for the property it was very nice and somewhat modern .
1	the lemon infused water is a nice treat .
1	you are a class act .
1	she works in men 's and women 's luxury fashion .
1	these are two things that are very important to a pregnant woman .
1	that extra tlc is very nice .
1	will definitely come back again .
1	thanks a !
1	this was a great surprise considering the fantastic deal we got through expedia .
1	i liked this place a whole bunch !
1	fabulous !
1	i was very happy with this find .
1	i love tuscany .
1	this is a really nice gem just off the strip .
1	stayed here once for work and once for nye .
1	this place is a great value for the price .
1	the casino is pretty nice overall .
1	delicious food , great drinks , friendly staff !
1	the entrance to the lobby was nicely decorated and was pretty clean .
1	the chapel was absolutely romantic and gorgeous .
1	we really enjoyed our stay at the tuscany .
1	upgraded to _num_ stars !
1	we stayed for _num_ days and _num_ nights and it was lovely !
1	a great slightly off strip location that is clean , comfortable and affordable .
1	buy one get one free from hotel and i am a happy camper .
1	this is a very nice hotel .
1	it is clean and staff is friendly .
1	really great bargain .
1	booked it at the last minute and very impressed .
1	the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and the restaurants were also very good .
1	a nice little oasis away from the strip .
1	_num_ affordable restaurants with good quality food inside the hotel .
1	very relaxing and great prices .
1	perfect restaurants .
1	the casino is small but very entertaining if you love to play .
1	the room was spacious with a large bathroom and the kids loved the pool .
1	i reluctantly booked , and what do you know .
1	the price of the hotel is amazing for what you get .
1	very quiet .
1	there are also several good restaurants in the casino , so that 's convenient .
1	one of us had to call the front desk to let us in .
1	very happy with the hotel .
1	was a good value .
1	pool / hot tub area is gorgeous and relaxing .
1	great size suites .
1	rooms were very clean and service was great .
1	one of the best breakfast places you will find in vegas !
1	great place to stay and play !
1	i took a craps lesson from jody and played the game afterwards .
1	it is my favorite getaway place in las vegas .
1	great pool .
1	best kept secret in vegas .
1	honesty goes a long way in this day and age .
1	i recommend this place for play , food or drinks .
1	hotel nicely decorated , with free wifi for guests that is actually speedy !
1	i love this place .
1	but still well worth the trip off strip .
1	far exceeding my expectations !
1	i highly recommend tuscany suites .
1	first time here and i must say this place is incredible .
1	a nice inexpensive stay at a very nice property .
1	i would absolutely stay there again !
1	these rooms are spacious and nice .
1	the rooms are extremely spacious and lovely .
1	huge selection great prices ... .
1	terrific value , recommended to me by local .
1	the cafe is delicious !
1	this hotel was a gem off the strip .
1	the rooms are large and the grounds are well maintained .
1	well done !
1	please pat them on the back for us !
1	beautiful place .
1	the cafe has great food at great prices .
1	dinner at the gardens was pricey but delicious !
1	loved it .
1	nice staff .
1	it 's our first time ever staying here and will definitely be back !
1	the location is extremely convenient and is considered part of the strip .
1	bally 's is well within walking distance .
1	the casino is great if you are looking for cheaper table gambling .
1	room was huge and very clean .
1	this hotel casino and suites is nice !
1	casino is nice .
1	we loved this hotel .
1	the food is good , and price is reasonable .
1	also nice friendly courtesy staff .
1	very clean , nice staff .
1	prices for locals are worth it considering drinks are unlimited .
1	i was really impressed about this place .
1	most of the girls are really hot .
1	it was a fun evening .
1	keep up the nice service !
1	nothing beats a tasty cigar while on vacation .
1	we will definitely be back for more fun .
1	got me to the right cigar that fit what i wanted exactly .
1	we went in the middle of the afternoon and the staff was excellent .
1	if you love cigars and are in town make a pit stop by here !
1	just a cool vibe with the best customer service .
1	the style here is cutting edge and just plain sharp !
1	i personally recommend patrick .
1	a heck of nice guy too .
1	another _num_ star breakfast !
1	view of the bellagio water show from our window table was spectacular .
1	a lovely place to celebrate a special event .
1	pretty pricey , but always a great place to visit in vegas .
1	this i do n't appreciate but you know some people enjoy it .
1	my gf and i had one of the most romantic dinners here .
1	the food is good .
1	our dinner was superb !
1	definitely one of the most delicious and memorable dessert we 've had .
1	but it was the excellent food !
1	the view is spectacular !
1	i was delightfully not disappointed on either count by the eiffel tower restaurant .
1	great food and a great view .
1	excellent dining experience !
1	the martini 's were great and i i ordered fish that was excellent .
1	our waiter was attentive and courteous , and answered our questions with expertise .
1	these by far were the best i have ever had .
1	good food , good service and good setting .
1	delicious filet mignon .
1	wonderful service .
1	great food .
1	breathtaking views right from your table .
1	loved it .
1	the perfect french restaurant !
1	the lamb was delicious !
1	but it is worth a try .
1	french food , wonderful chef 's tasting menu .
1	the view inside is breath taking .
1	the food was so delicious !
1	four stars is right on for this restaurant .
1	he also recommended my sandwich after listening to my preferences for food .
1	had the bone in rib eye steak , which was made perfectly .
1	classic .
1	the staff were excellent .
1	one one the best views in vegas .
1	i ordered the steak and it melted in my mouth like butter .
1	extremely expensive , but it 's really all about the location and the view .
1	nice !
1	order the filet and it was perfect .
1	ca n't comment on the food but i 'm sure it 's good .
1	best view of vegas while you dine .
1	we had the seafood salad and trout , both very tasty .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	the meal was truly flawless .
1	we enjoyed the _num_ course tasting menu with wine pairing .
1	pairing was well worth the additional fee .
1	yes , the view is spectacular .
1	the food here was absolutely amazing !
1	spectacular views of the fountains at bellagio .
1	the food and the service are top notch .
1	awesome experience .
1	food , views , and the service are all top notch .
1	it was huge , and sweet and delicious .
1	i had the fish and it was great delicate and delightful .
1	i ate every last bit because it was so juicy and tasty .
1	also , you get a great view of the strip on top of that .
1	incredible experience !
1	this place is great for a romantic dinner .
1	the food was great , too .
1	came here with family so i was able to try a number of dishes .
1	the food was incredible but the service was better .
1	the view was spectacular and made the experience unforgettable .
1	the atmosphere is intimate and the service is fairly attentive .
1	not bad ... cooked rare and was very delicious .
1	we got a window seat and the view was amazing .
1	wow !
1	amazing what a great time my wife and i had .
1	again both terrific .
1	romantic , great food , amazing views and excellent service .
1	service was excellent .
1	loved everything we tried & the view was awesome .
1	the food was great !
1	service - excellent .
1	had a very nice tasty romantic dinner with my bf love it !
1	the food is first rate .
1	for me , the service was the best part .
1	absolutely my favorite restaurant in vegas !
1	good place to try .
1	the eiffel tower restaurant was a nice experience .
1	great ambiance and definitely a great place for a quiet romantic date .
1	the food was great , service was good , and the view was amazing .
1	great place to bring a date .
1	well he was right .
1	ambiance , yes ... innovative menu , yes ... a souffle ... yes !
1	had lunch and everything was first class .
1	the other four , or five things were delicious .
1	very elegant , the view of the fountains is always a favorite i feel .
1	the service was exceptional .
1	love the staff .
1	the girls were all delightful , loved the restaurant .
1	the alcohol selection was great and the service at the bar wonderful .
1	we really enjoyed our whole experience !
1	the side of potatoes au gratin were delicious as well .
1	the desserts were amazing .
1	great service .
1	food i wouldnt think id like , but loved .
1	the restaurant is absolutely amazing !
1	gorgeous view of the strip and consistently good french food .
1	surprisingly good burgers here .
1	what an incredible dinner !
1	went here for our anniversary trip ( christmas time !
1	the best ) and requested a window seat .
1	`` priceless '' !
1	had a great time here over the weekend .
1	it was very good .
1	most beautiful restaurant i 've ever been to .
1	also they offered free bread which was a huge plus !
1	it is amazing !
1	this place is pretty amazing .
1	_num_ very expensive !
1	fun place .
1	the steaks were also very good .
1	of course , this place has the best creme brulee in town !
1	absolutely amazing view .
1	this restaurant is romantic and perfect for a special occasion !
1	ate here and it was great .
1	we got the set menu which was delicious .
1	five stars for the waiter we had ... he was completely awesome .
1	we had an impeccable experience shared with my family at the eiffel tower restaurant .
1	wishing you much continued success .
1	the desserts were over the top good and helped top off a great experience .
1	she surprised me by saying we were heading here for dinner .
1	they did help celebrate her bday with an extra dessert surprise .
1	overall a great experience at this restaurant .
1	the wait staff is very attentive and friendly .
1	absolutely wonderful .
1	the dinner service was formal and elegant .
1	lunch was more relaxed , but very nice .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in the world .
1	the service is first rate and the food amazing .
1	wow !
1	loved this place .
1	been there twice and food and service were fantastic .
1	we stayed at our table for an after dinner drink which was very enjoyable .
1	the staff were very attentive and friendly .
1	i held a corporate event here this week - cocktail reception .
1	we recommend it for a very special romantic dinner .
1	the foie gras is seared perfect and always a generous portion is served .
1	best meal of my life and worth every penny !
1	i had pistachio and mom had chocolate and both were amazing .
1	the whole experience was definitely worth it .
1	exceptional service .
1	the whole experience was fantastic .
1	definitely a nice place for special occasions .
1	the view is great , request a window table .
1	this was the perfect restaurant for our big night out .
1	the wife and i had an amazing time here .
1	we both had the petite filet , and both were excellent .
1	very pricey !
1	make sure _num_ bring your jacket - there 's a dress code .
1	first of all , i liked the service !
1	great service and even better food .
1	the view is spectacular !
1	the waiter and all staff very pleasant and on their toes .
1	food was excellent at lunch .
1	looked tacky in such a nice setting .
1	our waiter was wonderful .
1	dinner was very good , with a nice selection on the menu .
1	i definitely love this place and recommend it highly .
1	i enjoyed this restaurant as it had beautiful views of the bellagio fountain displays .
1	also , the view from where we were sitting was breathtaking !
1	nothing special or spectacular ... .
1	had the seafood appetizer and it was perfect .
1	i liked the chocolate for its rich and creamy flavor .
1	the lobster salad was perfect .
1	jon paul took very good care of us .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	top notch in every way .
1	food , service , view , pricing .
1	great food , incredible view , excellent service .
1	what a great view this restaurant has !
1	the way the ring was presented and bought to the table was breath taking .
1	will definitely go back when i visit las vegas again .
1	food was delicious !
1	i do recommend going at night .
1	the food was very good .
1	it is a bit pricey , but worth the experience .
1	the food very good , i had the filet mignon .
1	wine selection is excellent .
1	kids salmon is also pretty good .
1	the dinner seating and view was fabulous .
1	the food was spectacular and the service was amazing .
1	unbelievable !
1	the view is incredible .
1	food was outstanding , as expected .
1	the service was pretty good , but the food was on another level .
1	it was very tender and tasted excellent .
1	my wife was also very pleased with what she had ordered .
1	overall it was a very good meal and a wonderful romantic atmosphere .
1	it was all delicious !
1	all i can say is wow !
1	i went to eiffel tower after graduation and the experience was great .
1	all the food is amazing and top quality .
1	it said `` happy birthday , '' but it 's the thought that matters .
1	the view and the table setting was so romantic .
1	the food is solid if not spectacular .
1	excellent service and good food in a nice upscale atmosphere .
1	id highly recommend .
1	our waiter was so knowledgeable and had a great personality .
1	the food and cocktails were amazing .
1	great view .
1	great food and wine .
1	the view is awesome too .
1	the service was great and a view to match .
1	i 'll be back again !
1	we celebrated our fourth wedding anniversary here .
1	servers are good too !
1	pistachio souffle - we come here just for that incredible piece of heaven !
1	my experience at this restaurant was lovely .
1	gorgeous view of the bellagio , the surrounding desert mountains and the strip .
1	the night time view is beautiful as well .
1	will definitely be back !
1	my husband and i dined here for our anniversary .
1	the view , ambiance and amazing server created one of my best dining experience .
1	fabulous fancy lunch !
1	the server nick was excellent , we absolutely loved the experience !
1	the service was great .
1	my parents and i throughly enjoy the food that the server recommend .
1	it was cooked very well .
1	one of the best parts of the menu was the dessert !
1	good food , great scenery .
1	my boyfriend and i both ordered the salad and it was great .
1	had excellent service .
1	what an amazing view .
1	service is excellent .
1	it was delicious .
1	the duck was perfectly done .
1	the warm ceasar salad was unique .
1	service was top notch and the crusty bread ca n't be beat anywhere !
1	our server was sweet , efficient and informative .
1	i liked it .
1	went here for my birthday as a gift from my wife .
1	priceless .
1	the chocolate souffl was also very good .
1	amazing ambience .
1	the view was amazing !
1	the trout entre on the other hand was very good .
1	my husband and i had a wonderful experience at this restaurant .
1	food and service was outstanding !
1	excellent food .
1	the views are simply amazing and our booth overlooked the bellagio fountains .
1	i highly suggest asking for him , as it was impeccable service .
1	the restaurant itself is well appointed , the tables all have a view .
1	for what it 's worth the children in the restaurant were well behaved .
1	and he loved it .
1	but here you receive a meal with a view .
1	it 's a nice place to take a special client or business associate .
1	the food was great and portion wise it is perfect .
1	overall it was a pleasant experience .
1	take a right to the hostess inside to be seated .
1	fiance got veal medallions which were great .
1	servers were attentive and pleasant .
1	the service was impeccable .
1	the service was impeccable .
1	great food , just small portions .
1	a must for a special night in vegas !
1	every seat in the restaurant has an amazing view of the strip .
1	the bread was fresh .
1	service : my waitress was very professional and had a great attitude .
1	we were not disappointed .
1	tom , our server , was top notch .
1	great view , great services .
1	great food and service this is what you expect when coming to vegas .
1	this was the best dinner we have ever had .
1	great place , they made a customer for life .
1	our server was experienced and knew the ins and outs of each dish .
1	great experience from the start .
1	she made sure we had a exceptional first experience .
1	the view was a plus , loved every moment .
1	amazing food and view !
1	fine dining at its best !
1	great for a special occasion .
1	the view was fantastic !
1	the service was top of the line .
1	my favorite was the warm lobster salad which was delicious .
1	from the minute we entered the service was exceptional .
1	i loved everything about it .
1	the service , food and view was spectacular .
1	i would highly recommend you make reservations in advance and request a view .
1	great service !
1	every dollar you spend is totally worth it .
1	incredible experience .
1	as good as the ambiance is , the food is amazing .
1	the view was great .
1	the food and wait staff were excellent .
1	just the best !
1	the food was really good .
1	i recommend the pain killer drink .
1	awesome food , view and service .
1	but it was super good nonetheless .
1	good view of the bellagio fountain though !
1	the food was delicious !
1	the flavor of the soup with the duck in it was incredible .
1	best part of our meal besides the view was the seafood tower and souffl .
1	i 'm giving this a rating based on what my expectations are !
1	the portions are not huge , but a lot of the food is rich .
1	the food is delicious and tasty , and the view is gorgeous .
1	service was great too .
1	worth eating here at least once .
1	i must first say that the service was absolutely top notch .
1	nice city view !
1	amazing dining experience right on the strip .
1	one of the best view for dinner date .
1	food was great .
1	food was good .
1	it was the most magic family dinner ever .
1	i would highly recommend this restaurant and this experience to anyone .
1	the food is very good here.
1	everyone i was with loved their meals .
1	the service was great !
1	very romantic and high class ambiance .
1	... and the view of those fountains just makes for a lovely evening .
1	nice selection of drinks , and extremely polite staff .
1	for my main i ordered the lamb .
1	tatiana was our hostess , greeted us and made us feel welcome .
1	the perfect place to celebrate valentine 's day !
1	highly recommended !
1	they come out amazing !
1	everything else was outstanding .
1	went there for a birthday dinner and had a great time .
1	enjoyed our dinner with a terrific view over looking the strip .
1	all in all it was worth it .
1	always had a great experience and a memorable night !
1	also , it 's the best view on the whole strip !
1	breathtaking view , delicious food , worth the price .
1	friendly staff , would recommend to anyone !
1	it is all quality .
1	dinner is _num_ star fine dining with steaks , chops , and reservations required .
1	make no doubt , dinner is special here .
1	amazing view .
1	it was delicious .
1	went here on our wedding night ... atmosphere was very french and romantic .
1	the mushroom quinoa veggie burger is divine and the coffee was delightful .
1	but the view and the service is worth every dollar !
1	service was also excellent .
1	best steaks i 've ever had .
1	it was a very quiet , comfortable , romantic spot with a great view !
1	my wife and i came here for lunch and the prices were excellent !
1	everybody is very nice and kind .
1	a favorite place for us in vegas .
1	an amazing restaurant !
1	my husband and i really enjoyed my birthday dinner here .
1	she started with a crab appetizer that was excellent .
1	unbelievably delicate , medium rare , absolutely fabulous .
1	she was kind and sweet .
1	the atmosphere & view of the strip is stunning !
1	would recommend the french onion soup .
1	highly attentive and courteous .
1	so romantic .
1	they have excellent bedside manner and truly care about their patients .
1	hmmm delicious not .
1	surprisingly enough , these were actually good chocolates .
1	expensive , but delicious !
1	great stuff if you can afford their prices .
1	it features nice packaging and very nice and friendly and patient customer service .
1	seriously , this is the best chocolate ever !
1	the staff is great and always in a great mood .
1	awesome service .
1	and nice staff .
1	the units are secure and clean .
1	the site is very quiet and the staff is friendly .
1	super friendly staff .
1	we were greeted by vivian and she was absolutely helpful .
1	she explained how the gate code works and the security is secure .
1	amazing leadership !
1	so grateful to god for leading my family and i here .
1	the people are so friendly and helpful here .
1	everything was great .
1	gorgeous club .
1	very well maintained , and the competition was organized .
1	staff helpful and friendly and more importantly , present !
1	staff were friendly , and the food was great .
1	merry christmas !
1	outside service was good clean carts friendly service .
1	i 'll definitely play here again .
1	`` you 're good for another year , at least . ''
1	simply awesome , honest repair shop !
1	they have new loyal customers for sure !
1	honest and reliable .
1	our friends have also had great experiences w/ jack & sons .
1	thanks jack and sons .
1	highly recommend !
1	kenny and his crew are the best !
1	said if i wanted to i could treat his tech lunch .
1	i had a great experience with this place .
1	they 're honest , quick and thorough .
1	thanks kenny !
1	great customer service & as for the work done on my car , excellent !
1	fantastic customer service , nice friendly staff .
1	she made many new friend and has learned how to respect others .
1	very well rounded school .
1	the staff at the hospitality dental group is very professional organization .
1	as far as i know that is going above and beyond !
1	dana & melissa are the greatest .
1	this church reminds me of my home church back home .
1	this is my favorite house of worship in vegas .
1	this is my favorite church in las vegas .
1	enjoyed the message .
1	the music the message the people all are great even the coffee is great .
1	i love my church !
1	pastor shane is such an amazing man of god .
1	it is a large comfortable space .
1	this church is amazing !
1	have never felt god 's presence so greatly and would recommend to everyone .
1	amazing people , awesome messages and very involved in the community .
1	plenty of seats to accommodate everybody .
1	i really love this church !
1	very welcoming church .
1	best church hands down !
1	i always feel a aura of welcoming and peace .
1	we serve an awesome god !
1	so insightful and funny !
1	the message is very good and easy to understand .
1	delicious and lots of food .
1	the mac and cheese was definitely the best i 've had to this day .
1	the owner , jason , was very hospitable and kind .
1	he had a great personality !
1	it was the best i ever had lol !
1	both were really really good !
1	we got the chicken wings on happy hour and they were juicy and fresh .
1	waitress was nice .
1	had the big bbq burger and was extremely happy !
1	truly amazing and i will be back as soon as i can !
1	the food was amazing and service was awesome .
1	the service at this bank was excellent and they were so accommodating .
1	and all i have to say is amazing .
1	i went in with an idea and came out with a work of art .
1	i will for sure be back and am excited to get more work done .
1	after getting both areas pierced i was extremely happy with the end result .
1	texas , you 're the best .
1	they really care about the animals they see .
1	staff excellent !
1	he was so nice that he brought my friend to tears .
1	give it a try !
1	food is great .
1	accompanied with fresh tomatoes and guac ... .
1	came with free chips and salsa that had great flavor .
1	brain was truly amazing and such a great help !
1	i came in the store and he greeted me right away .
1	the store is clean , with wide aisles .
1	love this place .
1	yum yum !
1	this place gets a thumbs up from me .
1	great service !
1	and perfect flavor ... .
1	the mole enchiladas were sweet and spicy delicious !
1	the service was excellent .
1	recommend you get the micheladas sooo good !
1	just perfect !
1	and they offer to pick you up or give you a ride .
1	she had a great time .
1	it was great fun .
1	had a fantastic time !
1	he had the best time !
1	totally worth the money .
1	the entire crew from the minute i got there was incredibly friendly .
1	definitely a stand up organization .
1	honest & dependable !
1	their pizzas are good but i love their meatballs !
1	salads are always fresh .
1	i love this place .
1	we buy the hot wings and they 're pretty good .
1	definitely a hidden gem discovered .
1	this pizza is very good .
1	their gyros are delicious with plenty of meat and fries .
1	excellent pizza , had pepperoni jalapeo and extra cheese .
1	very happy .
1	their pizza is my favorite in the area .
1	love their food .
1	the staff however are very friendly and helpful .
1	i love their pizza .
1	honest and trustworthy !
1	imho , best mechanics ever !
1	very clean .
1	great place to eat .
1	service was good .
1	the restrooms are spectacular !
1	totally recommend this park .
1	clean , quiet , nice people , wonderful pool !
1	we had great nachos and some catfish in the restaurant/bar .
1	restrooms are clean .
1	everything was great ( : and got my pizza hot !
1	dominos you saved the day .
1	pizza and football is the best .
1	staff was also great and helpful .
1	that 's pretty impressive for any pizza place if you ask me .
1	other than that , great !
1	the food was incredible !
1	i love the holidays !
1	definitely worth experiencing once in your life .
1	the racing is as good as it gets here .
1	score !
1	free parking at a dance festival is unheard of !
1	it 's a great way to spend some quality time with friends and family .
1	i love this track because they always have free parking .
1	everything was top notch and the racing was awesome !
1	the lemonade was good .
1	i ate until i was full and had a great view of the action .
1	everything was great !
1	so i have decided to write another review that 's yelp worthy .
1	i will definitely revisit again !
1	i like this place !
1	they race stock cars here so you know it 's cool .
1	the area is huge inside .
1	i enjoyed myself .
1	we both really enjoyed spending some quality time .
1	good burger .
1	the coffee was strong & fresh .
1	solid _num_ stars !
1	first time stay in here , i was impressed .
1	highly recommended !
1	good breakfast .
1	we were so pleased in how super clean this place is .
1	i was very comfortable with the hampton bed and pillows .
1	front desk personnel were very kind and helpful .
1	i loved staying at this hotel !
1	overall , one of my favorite hotels to stay in .
1	the woman at the front desk was extremely nice and helpful .
1	friendly people , clean comfortable rooms , reasonable rates .
1	will definitely plan to stay here again .
1	everything made deliciously !
1	best egg rolls i 've ever had !
1	their owner really knows how to make chinese food right .
1	and the portion size was amazing .
1	it was hot , steamy delicious and a great bang for your buck .
1	the shrimp fried rice ( with spicy level _num_ ) was fantastic .
1	the service was outstanding and they even gave us a free appetizer .
1	overall i would recommend this restaurant to friends and family .
1	our server was very sincere and helpful .
1	me and my husband love this place !
1	i came here often when they first opened in late _num_ .
1	the food is really good .
1	everything is cooked to order and very fresh .
1	the crab fried rice here in phenomenal !
1	enjoy !
1	pad thai was delicious , some of the best i 've ever had !
1	service was excellent .
1	the spicy eggplant is incredible , as is everything on their menu .
1	highly recommended !
1	yellow curry and chicken fried rice were amazing !
1	love this place we will definitely be coming back as regulars .
1	fresh ingredients and lots of vegetables .
1	i 'm surprised that such place exists on this side of town .
1	outstanding food at very reasonable prices .
1	by far one of my favorite places in vegas .
1	the pineapple fried rice is amazing as well .
1	i will definitely go back !
1	my favorite thai place in las vegas period !
1	great family owned restaurant !
1	its always fresh & hot .
1	either way , she does a great job and the food is great .
1	this is my fav spot in north lv .
1	best thai food in town .
1	by far one of my favorite places to eat .
1	if you are not in a hurry , you will be most impressed .
1	my favorite auto glass professionals to deal with in vegas .
1	very professional company and priced right !
1	and we did it all for a great price !
1	his wife works with him and she is very pleasant and professional .
1	i definitely recommend a visit if you can use his service .
1	i 'm impressed .
1	a great mechanic ; honest , fair and friendly .
1	wolf is a great mechanic .
1	he replaced the top even and it looks great .
1	you ca n't beat his superb quality and fair pricing .
1	the cost are reasonable and they provide great customer service .
1	you can tell that these cars are his passion .
1	i recommend wolf to anyone that i know who has a vw or audi .
1	i love it here !
1	this is the most honest place i have found in las vegas .
1	their prices are low and they do top quality work .
1	excellent customer service !
1	the entire transaction went incredibly smooth .
1	i rate this place _num_ stars bc their location is pretty far .
1	awesome customer service !
1	best customer service i have ever had in a very long time .
1	i just had a great experience at centennial toyota .
1	i had the best car shopping experience here at the centennial toyota .
1	he is the best !
1	among other great things !
1	he helped me tremendously .
1	thanks oscar for your assistance today .
1	we had a wonderful opportunity to purchase a new car yesterday from centennial toyota .
1	by far the best car buying experience i 've ever had .
1	we are very pleased with our purchase .
1	thank you for your professionalism .
1	the service was simple .
1	other than that problem , everyone was great .
1	very friendly people and food taste great .
1	good beer and food great for kids also .
1	always great service and awesome attitudes there !
1	i always have a great steak cooked perfectly .
1	this location makes a great meal .
1	they have a great steak .
1	great wedge salad .
1	nicely remodeled and well appointed .
1	thank you outback !
1	great service .
1	the hostess continually answered this question with a smile on her face all night .
1	will definitely be back !
1	i love outback !
1	my favorite is the victoria cut or prime rib ( outback style ) .
1	went with a group of guys from work and had a great time .
1	everything was great .
1	food very good and service was great as well .
1	pleasantly surprised with my experience .
1	food was good .
1	great food , service , and atmosphere .
1	the dinner salad was nice and cold and fresh .
1	the steak and lobster was hot and delicious .
1	good service and decently price !
1	i love their lunch specials and great when you are craving red meat .
1	great job management !
1	food tastes great .
1	good parking and access .
1	my service was pretty good.
1	what a pleasure he is .
1	the salads were crisp and the meal was hot and tasty .
1	is expensive yes but worth it .
1	this place rocks .
1	not bad , a lot of places around it make the best theater .
1	they play big box office films of course , but also small indie films .
1	in conclusion a great place to see a film !
1	friendly staff , good concession stand food , drinks , and air conditioned !
1	the place is always spotless .
1	the lobby smelled of delightfully fresh popcorn and was very clean .
1	check it out if you are nearby !
1	our latest visit we saw `` the heat '' which was super hilarious funny !
1	the parking lot always has easy to find spaces .
1	i love this movie theater .
1	air is kept at a good temp .
1	i also have a lot of restaurants to choose from .
1	i do love the options they have for blended drinks !
1	great staff , friendly , attentive and clean restaurant .
1	i eat at this chili 's all the time !
1	have to say the service was great and the food was perfect !
1	love the nachos and my bbq burger was outstanding !
1	food was hot and delicious and our server , was amazing .
1	we ordered fajitas and cajun pasta and everything tasted amazing .
1	this is our favorite chili 's in the valley .
1	i was impressed !
1	awsome waitress so nice and very knowledgeable !
1	something about this location - it 's just better than the others !
1	lucky me !
1	it was also great to get the order we actually placed !
1	the food was so delicious !
1	it was really good !
1	the food was delicious , and at a very reasonable cost .
1	great friendly service !
1	great service , they always nice .
1	top notch !
1	everything else was very good .
1	great lunch prices .
1	service is always fast and friendly .
1	this place was actually better than i anticipated .
1	the beef was very flavorful and tad bit spicy .
1	the price , the food quality and portions are hard to beat .
1	great chinese very fresh and tasty , quick simple and cheap .
1	the best !
1	fast and friendly even when they deliver .
1	awesome lunch specials , _num_ and it 's authentic chinese food !
1	great little place .
1	great service .
1	but when we received our order he had added a couple extra in there .
1	i expect friendly faces , great customer service and a `` thank you '' .
1	prices are good , and it 's way better than panda .
1	the food here is awesome , and the price is unbeatable !
1	the owners are very nice too .
1	the best value is definitely the lunch special .
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	the portions are generous and the food is amazing .
1	i was surprised to find this place so good .
1	delivery was quick and food was delicious !
1	so i 've been here alot .
1	amazing !
1	fresh flavors , spicy , hot , fantastic .
1	owner was serving and very accommodating and very nice .
1	food is great and very affordable many different specials available for lunch and dinner .
1	the service was amazing and i will definitely be a returning customer .
1	great service friendly staff .
1	food is well prepared and tastes good .
1	fresh sashimi .
1	i love love love this place .
1	extremely satisfied with the price , too !
1	the waitstaff is awesome .
1	our family loves this place .
1	so so good !
1	the gentleman who answered the phone was very friendly and helpful .
1	the food was very good and we have some picky kids .
1	they loved it .
1	cost was great , about $ _num_ .
1	we will definitely order from here again .
1	chop chop wok is by far there best we have found .
1	really job well done .
1	plus the employees are so sweet !
1	the house fried rice is good , too .
1	i recommend calling instead of coming in .
1	first time ordering take out , and very impressed .
1	delicious !
1	very happy customer .
1	his willingness to go above and beyond made all the difference in the world .
1	the staff is very friendly here and they are very professional .
1	great staff and great personality .
1	this is simply the best animal hospital in all of las vegas !
1	the entire staff there was so welcoming and nice .
1	the new owners renovated the whole nail salon and it looks great .
1	i would recommend this place to absolutely anyone .
1	i actually found her on yelp and she moved to a knee location !
1	i stopped by today and have my nails design .
1	she is the best !
1	great staff !
1	employees are friendly and very knowledgeable .
1	the staff here is very friendly , knowledgable , and have wonderful customer service .
1	great selection of protein bars .
1	very friendly employees .
1	they will special order something for you if you need it .
1	the staff are knowledgeable and super friendly , and nothing is full price .
1	highly recommend .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	this place is about the quality and taste of their food .
1	will definitely recommend this place .
1	they 're are very generous with helpings and keep me going back for more .
1	just had the philly steak pizza and it was amazing !
1	mozzarella sticks were fabulous as always !
1	fast and friendly owner , will definitely be back .
1	defiantly recommend this place .
1	got ta love manhattan .
1	okay a large slice of heaven !
1	but this place is awesome we love them and you should too !
1	they make the pizza fresh so it 's always amazing .
1	the pizza is the biggest and best in town !
1	what a steal !
1	pizzas , wings , sandwiches , great food !
1	john treated me and my friend like family after a long day of work .
1	fresh ingredients , no sugar in the dough , brilliant service .
1	the staff is so hard working , pleasant , and generous .
1	i have yet to try their subs but they look delicious .
1	the cannoli was the best i 've ever had .
1	subtle blend of spices makes it stand out .
1	one of the best pizza places in town !
1	plus the owners are friendly and make you feel welcomed .
1	you know they truly care and enjoy the customers that come in .
1	it is by far the best pizza i 've found since returning from italy .
1	they will deff put a smile on your face .
1	and the food is great .
1	i absolutely am in love .
1	i wish i knew their names but they are amazing .
1	it had a delicious natural sweetness to it .
1	the pizza , wings , and salad were all delicious and had great flavor .
1	supreme pizza had so much flavor and the crust was so good .
1	and above all the service is friendly .
1	generous portions , fresh ingredients , and prices that are reasonable .
1	large pizza for good price .
1	manager is a good guy !
1	it was fresh and very delicious .
1	food is good .
1	wings are always super hot and tasty , french fries just as good .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	he is amazing and very respectful .
1	the front desk lady was really nice .
1	great service and it was nice and fast !
1	i had a gel manicure done and it came out perfect .
1	she was excellent !
1	very nice and attentive .
1	prices were excellent for such a great experience .
1	very happy !
1	nice decor and was fast .
1	i also got a cake pop for my roommate and he enjoyed it .
1	it 's usually not busy and actually quite relaxing at this location .
1	great service !
1	bargains galore .
1	we just got married recently and have been getting a lot of photos printed .
1	thank you !
1	he always greets you with a smile .
1	awesome service !
1	one of my more memorable yoga experiences .
1	this is the yoga i remember growing up with .
1	this is our new yoga home .
1	the yoga sanctuary team is very friendly and sweet .
1	thanks eric for a great class .
1	his class is so good that other yoga instructors take it .
1	so happy i found my yoga home !
1	i wish there was a `` keep quiet '' sign .
1	my favorite regular teachers are eric and rachel .
1	thank you .
1	someday i hope to make their red rock hike as well .
1	del taco is the best mexican chain fast food ever .
1	but customer service wise great !
1	great place , nice people and doctors .
1	kudos to her !
1	i love dr. love and pretty much everyone here .
1	office is clean and well kept , friendly staff and great customer service .
1	the office was nice and pretty clean from what i could see .
1	he looks so cute !
1	she was wonderful !
1	this place is just wonderful .
1	i 've had so many parties involved with their wonderful put together food .
1	literally the best catered food ever !
1	love this location .
1	the starbucks at this b & n is my favorite to do homework at .
1	my coffee always tastes delicious and the staff is pretty friendly .
1	they always have helpful staff and new products .
1	ahhh , the bookstore .
1	i had fun visiting this barnes and noble .
1	anyhow , b & n has a great selection .
1	this place is always so clean & the employees are professional !
1	one of my go-to study spots .
1	been here a couple of times , great selection with lots of great prices .
1	the facility is very clean with clean bathrooms as well .
1	it 's my favorite !
1	i especially love their hummus and pita bread .
1	they also have a huge selection of juices and health drinks .
1	raw food was easy to find !
1	it 's beautiful just to look at !
1	good food , well made , great buffet to go !
1	nice touch !
1	i am so happy to have whole foods close to my house .
1	i love that they seem to keep their employees happy .
1	i love whole foods .
1	i always come out with something from the salad bar and sushi !
1	best $ _num_ chardonnay in the world .
1	here i mean organic food , clean establishment , helpful staff etc .
1	great pizza at the food bar .
1	the grass fed beef is excellent too .
1	it is a great place to go on your lunch hour .
1	best variety in organic foods .
1	they know what they 're doing ... and are friendly and engaging .
1	you can actually read and understand the ingredients on the back of most boxes !
1	they are amazing .
1	great experience although they did n't have what i originally came there for .
1	it 's so convenient to be able to grab something healthy for dinner .
1	yes , it 's expensive , but the good stuff always is !
1	fresh fruits , best organic meats and veggies too !
1	whole foods has definitely given me life !
1	my family likes white pizza with garlic .
1	i love this location because they have more selection then their south vegas location .
1	the staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
1	i get what i need , and i 'm happy for it .
1	the staff was very friendly , and very helpful .
1	shop carefully and you will find a lot of great values .
1	just picked up their spicy shrimp tempura roll from their sushi department .
1	very fresh and was very good !
1	this place is adventure land to me .
1	definitely worth the wait .
1	this is the best burger king location i 've been to .
1	new grilled chicken sandwich was great !
1	i 've never had dessert pizza and i absolutely loved the peach one .
1	we were happy .
1	great for kids and parents .
1	will i be back ... ... .
1	the pizza was very good .
1	roberto is a great manager ( owner ? )
1	there is a game place where the kids can play around .
1	the meatballs were also very tasty .
1	great lunch for the money , fresh and nice selection !
1	a good lunch buffet special .
1	always a good experience .
1	they know their stuff and will steer you in the right direction .
1	great price & style .
1	the place was very clean and most importantly odor free .
1	what really got my attention was the service from the staff .
1	they have a free continental breakfast which was pretty good .
1	have fun !
1	did we mention what a terrific kitchen the property had ?
1	great hotel !
1	the room was comfortable and clean .
1	overall , this was a great experience , and i would stay here again .
1	i was very satisfied with the stay .
1	the staff was nice and had a decent complimentary breakfast .
1	was a great place to stay .
1	i booked a studio and had a good experience .
1	it was a great introduction to vegas .
1	the staff is so nice warm n inviting !
1	love love this place !
1	this hotel is very clean .
1	the customer service was great .
1	everything was extremely clean .
1	i loved this place because it 's family and pet friendly .
1	overall we will definitely go back and stay there again .
1	by chance i walked into this location and explained my needs .
1	the other employees are always friendly and recognize me as a regular .
1	a great haircut !
1	esther is amazing !
1	she always seems to just get it right and the prices are extremely affordable .
1	a lot of products & brands to purchase as well .
1	esther is amazing and the owner is always friendly and accommodating .
1	i have going to this location for a couple of years now .
1	recommend her .
1	i met judy and the cut was incredible .
1	she cuts well and takes her time .
1	jodi does my hair & i love it every time .
1	she is fast , friendly & knows hair .
1	i always love going to this salon .
1	i always love the work that she does .
1	i also love the work that they does .
1	i just moved to the area .
1	found judy at fantastic sams for my haircut .
1	she does a great job cutting and is always super nice .
1	she is personable and professional .
1	michele is very pleasant to be in the care of .
1	ok , this is one of my favorite places in my neighborhood .
1	not only that , but the food is great too .
1	also i had their cocktail that huge full bar inside .
1	i always try the breakfast deal and its great price and great service .
1	$ _num_ breakfast special is a steal .
1	this was a great starter .
1	excellent service .
1	nice atmosphere .
1	the server was very friendly , helpful and personable .
1	we loved her .
1	really good .
1	always good food and even greater service .
1	love it !
1	he knows the best and freshest items daily so trust the chef .
1	my favorite las vegas sushi place !
1	i will definitely be back .
1	but other than that , the food was good .
1	return visits , yep !
1	i have to say i am a huge fan of their tortilla soup !
1	but yes of course it was amazing !
1	service has always been good .
1	i also love their long island iced tea !
1	this place was not crowded at lunch .
1	it all tasted great and heather provided excellent service .
1	we thought that was very reasonable and recommend this restaurant for lunch on fridays .
1	with our meal today , we had a long island iced tea .
1	pleasantly surprised by the service , our waiter was very attentive but not annoying .
1	great service and great food .
1	the dinner dish also comes with soup and their clam chowder is excellent .
1	the service is friendly , food is great and so are the prices .
1	freshly made and fresh traditional american fare .
1	i definitely recommend this place and it 's a great place for lunch .
1	service was excellent and so was the food .
1	we shared the calamari appetizer , best i ever had .
1	the potato patties that come with it are great .
1	i was pleasantly surprised .
1	my server was excellent .
1	well my lunch was very enjoyable !
1	the service is excellent .
1	always good , ordered grilled chicken .
1	staff friendly , service fast , seated quickly .
1	outstanding food .
1	amazing surprise .
1	our waitress was very pleasant and informative .
1	i hope this is on the menu for years to come .
1	not only was he so friendly but so attentive , helpful and just pleasant .
1	thanks for accommodating us , we really appreciate it !
1	the artichoke dip and fried calamari appetizers were really good .
1	the steak was cooked just right and was full of flavor .
1	also appreciated the friendly and fast service .
1	highly recommend this restaurant !
1	i recently came with my husband and i love this place .
1	one of the best i 've had .
1	the server was apologetic and friendly .
1	our server was very friendly and efficient .
1	the staff here are some of the most outstanding people .
1	got our long islands right away and out food also .
1	sweet marinara very delicious !
1	they put us in the lounge , right in front of the gigantic tv !
1	good food , good experience !
1	the new england clam chowder is delicious !
1	great service !
1	food was wonderful .
1	odds are good next time it wont be there .
1	i am thrilled with the variety of items they sell .
1	always get the best price .
1	we did just that and signed up for our membership !
1	i am sure glad we have a deep freezer !
1	worth stopping by for breakfast and coffee .
1	nice patio if the weather is good ... love their vegetarian breakfast bagel sandwiches .
1	love einstein bros ' bagels !
1	friendly and helpful .
1	this is a great place to go in the morning for breakfast .
1	she was very patient and informative .
1	very friendly office staff and clean grounds , pools and new fitness room .
1	my favorite staff member was jesse .
1	he was friendly , professional and always in a good mood .
1	i moved out to be closer to the strip otherwise would have stayed longer .
1	i 'd recommend this shop to anyone traveling through .
1	staff super knowledgeable and friendly .
1	nice gear selection and as probably expected a very helpful staff regarding red rock .
1	great service even though they were slammed .
1	awesome all the way around .
1	the second floor is a great place to watch sports !
1	this time i enjoyed it .
1	so refreshing and fruity !
1	very nice place .
1	they have many great choices for beer and they are pretty good beers .
1	went here about a month ago , very enjoyable meal .
1	all of the food was very tasty and fresh .
1	the bartenders are a lot of fun and their summer seasonal beer rocks .
1	i enjoyed my evening as we wondered downstairs since they close the upstairs .
1	the food : sliders , seafood and wraps were surprisingly good for bar food .
1	fun place with good drinks and food .
1	they also have deep fried desserts if you 're brave enough .
1	still , plenty of delicious items to choose from .
1	their happy hour goes pretty late .
1	but wow was the food good .
1	fresh and tasty .
1	nice service , as well .
1	one of my favorite places to invite friends and family to .
1	the service was pretty good , attentive and fast .
1	the food was pretty good as well .
1	i felt at sweet home here thanks to the bartenders !
1	the italian beef was excellent !
1	my wife had the caesar salad wrap and she says it was quite good .
1	i had sliders with caramelized onions and blue cheese ... delicious .
1	the food here was excellent .
1	very good !
1	i was very surprise on how nice the brews have come along .
1	place had a really good ipa .
1	the beer was good as well as the pizza and appetizers .
1	i could recommend it .
1	put tables together , alicia was very attentive and took care of everything .
1	this is one of the few places in las vegas that got it right .
1	also had the garlic knots which were decent .
1	definitely will go back .
1	i was pleasantly surprised with chicago brewing .
1	some were better than others but they were all good .
1	the fresh brews are all tasty .
1	this place is awesome !
1	the calamari was excellent and cooked to perfection .
1	overall a fun place to hang out and enjoy their hand craft beers .
1	they had an appetizer buffet set up for the party .
1	other than that it is a good place to eat at !
1	great service .
1	ashley was so nice and explained the menu items .
1	everybody knows your name .
1	and the root beer is made in-house and has an awesome vanilla flavor .
1	i really enjoyed the house beers at this place .
1	it 's separated into a bar and restaurant area .
1	great chicken strips .
1	great place with awesome cheap brews .
1	great food !
1	great bartenders ... .
1	i always get great service from them both .
1	great beer !
1	everything is good in this restaurant .
1	especially during nfl season when you can get pitchers for $ _num_ !
1	good simple foods and good ambiance .
1	awesome price for a pitcher of any of their house brews .
1	food is great and today the potato and bacon soup was ridiculously awesome .
1	i also like there pizza it was delicious .
1	she is entirely awesome !
1	the food was great too !
1	thanks !
1	appetizers were fabulous drinks were awesome , and service was amazing !
1	she delivered exceptional customer service .
1	also enjoyed the house beers very delish .
1	old town brown ale !
1	pretty good food .
1	fish n chips were really good .
1	this place is uniquely set up .
1	she helped me find my favorite beer !
1	i tried the cheesesteak and my bf tried the burger , both delicious .
1	the wings were very good !
1	i 'm a happy camper .
1	this place is amazing .
1	the staff was very sweet and pleasant .
1	these people are great !
1	i will absolutely be using them from now on .
1	he and his office staff is patient , and professional .
1	nice staff .
1	in my opinion , high tech and modern ( latest eye exam technology ) .
1	great guy .
1	she is amazing with my two children .
1	i love vision source .
1	my kids love this place .
1	wonderful group of people !
1	liz was our hygienist and she was wonderful with my son .
1	my _num_ girls love this dentist !
1	his team is always sweet and reassuring .
1	i definitely will be back to bring my daughter in soon .
1	the chef , owner , everyone that works there is a delight .
1	the veal parm sub is huge and incredible made .
1	rocco 's puts the `` deli '' in delicious !
1	the pizza was fantastic .
1	awesome place !
1	genius !
1	the sandwiches are the best in town !
1	as an italian girl and food lover rocco delivers !
1	there pizza is really good .
1	i got the brooklyn sandwich and it was delicious !
1	it also was a good portion .
1	the wings are decent , their home made potato chips , amazing !
1	rocco 's is the best !
1	i 'm definitely a loyal patron !
1	but absolutely stop in !
1	drove by and found this place , so i decided to stop in .
1	the pizza was good .
1	the bread is homemade and so good .
1	the desert counter and cookies are amazing .
1	solid _num_ stars from me .
1	had the anthony special .
1	best best best !
1	the anthony special sandwich was incredibly delicious .
1	the food was phenomenal !
1	love this place !
1	the food is delicious !
1	so delicious !
1	best fried mozzarella ever .
1	i had a salad for lunch and it was fine .
1	service was excellent .
1	absolutely love this place !
1	the staff that were working tonight were amazing !
1	super friendly staff ... and will be back !
1	sandwiches are awesome !
1	definitely a good place for a quick bite .
1	love this place .
1	extremely nice staff .
1	pizza is always delicious .
1	they only use fresh ingredients and u can taste it .
1	my stromboli of choice includes ham , salami , pepperoni , and provolone .
1	got one of these to bring for lunch at work tomorrow .
1	yummy and authentic .
1	i ordered the rice ball with marinara sauce ... delicious .
1	the young lady behind the counter was pleasant and honest .
1	what a great pizza place , pizza was delicious and the service fantastic .
1	i ordered a margarita and the guys were very generous !
1	we love this place !
1	it was amazing .
1	i love rocco 's !
1	their cannoli is the best i 've ever had !
1	been here enough to say these guys know how to make a good sandwich .
1	so glad i found it because omg their food is amazing !
1	love the deli very flavorful .
1	amazing !
1	the food was fantastic and unique - the place is a real gem .
1	they do a good job .
1	this cafe was so good .
1	the raw pizzas and burgers were excellent .
1	i strongly recommend this place for any raw food enthusiast in the vegas area .
1	after asking around , they recommended us to the go raw cafe .
1	a great little place tucked away in a tiny shopping center .
1	personally , i enjoy raw vegan more than cooked vegan or vegetarian .
1	your body will certainly love you for it .
1	everything is fresh , & raw !
1	the quality is outstanding for the price .
1	friendly service and healthy food can never do you wrong !
1	i love this spot !
1	if im in vegas again i will definitely be back !
1	oh ... and i loved the little ducks outside !
1	the juices are sweet and healthy !
1	fresh organic healthy raw food is all i could ask for .
1	i have tried pretty much everything and it is all good .
1	we also had some fresh juices and a smoothie .
1	when on this side of town this place is a must .
1	i love how it 's hidden away .
1	service was attentive and very nice .
1	i love this place ; i go every time i 'm in vegas .
1	love this place !
1	first time in and was shocked at how creative the menu was .
1	the beet burger was hearty and filling with great taste .
1	will definitely return .
1	i love go raw caf !
1	great for when you want something raw on the go .
1	great preparation .
1	highly recommended !
1	definitely recommend !
1	great menu and potions are pretty damn huge .
1	tucked away in the corner , lovely juice bar .
1	fun to come here and get a juice and sit by the water .
1	i never tried to the food but the juices were great and refreshing .
1	i devoured their signature `` burger '' .
1	i love eating at go raw cafe .
1	the food is always fresh , delicious , beautifully presented .
1	what i love the most is how very good i feel after eating here .
1	hummus incredible .
1	service was so good .
1	pretty good .
1	the food is delish , the service is great , and its healthy .
1	my friend ordered a tostada .
1	try something new !
1	we had a great experience with our children at red rock climbing center today .
1	love this place !
1	just beginning to rock climb and its a great place to start !
1	this is the best indoor place to climb in vegas .
1	my wife 's first time climbing and she had a great time .
1	pretty good place to train .
1	you can try it out for the day to see of you like it .
1	the staff is always so friendly and are always available to help .
1	this is definitely a fun way to work out your muscles .
1	the staff was very helpful and so nice .
1	clean , quick and fairly priced for any office supply needs .
1	they have great deals and will match a price if you ask .
1	surprisingly helpful staff .
1	i was blown away by how extremely nice everyone was .
1	fast and friendly service all the time
1	she is experienced , fairly priced , and honest .
1	the staff is incredibly nice , informed and chill .
1	sandwich and fries were hot and tasted great .
1	we moved in here last year after a work transfer .
1	it also helps that the people that work here are very nice and fast .
1	fast service !
1	great place !
1	the waitresses always provide good service .
1	still our favorite brunch location .
1	love it .
1	definitely worth a stop !
1	good food , service and atmosphere .
1	the bartenders were super sweet and attentive .
1	great service and decent prices .
1	the food here is amazing .
1	but mostly , the staff is incredible .
1	nfl game action with sunday ticket and fantastic mimosas make a great sunday morning .
1	the bartenders are awesome !
1	highly recommend it .
1	best auto shop in town joel is extremely helpful and knowledge .
1	i 'd recommend to anyone !
1	i will never use anyone else and highly recommend their honest service .
1	love this place fast courteous and reliable .
1	found art 's .
1	great price on a audi battery install .
1	good go-to shop .
1	all i can say is wow !
1	and a repair job that exceeded my expectations both in quality and timing .
1	thanks for the amazing service .
1	they have an awesome waiting area that is huge !
1	i was just so impressed and grateful .
1	the customer service is great i would say more than great .
1	i absolutely love it here .
1	everyone here is helpful , kind , compassionate and awesome !
1	the property is beautifully maintained and always seeing improvement .
1	my daughters teacher is miss patricia and her morning teachers are wonderful as well .
1	thanks you to the staff for being so awesome !
1	my son has been here for a couple months now and he loves it !
1	i love this location !
1	the office is well maintained and clean at all times .
1	his staff is great which is actually the reason why i switched dentists .
1	he is great .
1	i 've been going here since _num_ and they always do an excellent job .
1	the staff are always nice and very accommodating .
1	its was quick and friendly service .
1	great job and i will definitely be going there in the future !
1	the wait area is comfortable with coffee stand , bottled water , and tv .
1	justin is amazing .
1	the staff is always upbeat and friendly and the service is always quick !
1	always quick .
1	great experience overall .
1	good prices and good clearance section .
1	fast check out is a plus !
1	lovely service , got a hair color and style and trim .
1	so beautiful and relaxed .
1	thanks ladies .
1	it was clean and they were nice .
1	i love this store .
1	lots of things to browse and look at !
1	staff is very helpful and friendly !
1	great staff and amazing array of items .
1	was a very convenient location , and good prices .
1	their primary concern is my comfort .
1	he is a gem in a city full of dishonest bad dentists !
1	the management and staff were so awesome , very nice people .
1	thank you .
1	always friendly and courteous to me .
1	awesome .
1	village runner did a great job helping me find the right shoe !
1	great staff great store !
1	thank you village runner !
1	i will definitely be back .
1	thanks village runner !
1	great dr ... awesome practice .
1	if you need a dentist , i highly recommend this practice .
1	this place is my favorite thai restaurant .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
1	she was always there asking right as we needed something else .
1	the food is generous , and seafood is not overcooked .
1	we had singapore noodles and bbq chicken ... they were both delicious !
1	our entree was hot and fresh .
1	i will definitely be returning for more !
1	this is a great neighborhood thai restaurant !
1	they also have awesome brown rice as an option .
1	this little joint is great food and good service always .
1	great little restaurant tucked away in a quiet shopping center .
1	portions are great and pricing is very reasonable .
1	they also have the best stuff chicken wings !
1	every dining experience i have had at king and i has been top notch .
1	the king & i is the best thai restaurant in las vegas !
1	it was spicy and loaded with flavors .
1	this is my favorite thai restaurant .
1	the spring rolls were good too .
1	the decorations are tasteful and the service was outstanding .
1	delivery is speedy and quality holds up very well .
1	i love their food and flavors !
1	we loved this place !
1	overall we were more than pleased with our experience and will be returning .
1	good luck !
1	well packaged and freshly prepared .
1	a neighborhood gem .
1	our whole office ordered delivery for lunch and we were more than satisfied .
1	all in all this place is great .
1	this was my first time trying thai food and the waitress was amazing !
1	helped us in the right direction !
1	my friend decided to bring me to the king and i for dinner .
1	she made sure we had a good experience .
1	just ordered delivery .
1	best thai i 've had in a while .
1	every dish is great .
1	so glad we did , i will always eat here when i want thai .
1	friendly staff .
1	excellent service .
1	linda and karl will treat you with the best service and large portions .
1	the best authentic thai in vegas .
1	well actually , the owner , linda is the nicest person .
1	the taste is unbelievable and so authentic .
1	the restaurant is clean , food is fresh and comes out fast .
1	i love their cheesecake !
1	the flavor and taste is excellent and the price is reasonable .
1	the staff is great , friendly , big smiles .
1	lunch portion is filling , and their to go presentation is nice .
1	not at this place !
1	what an amazing experience at dr. bell 's office .
1	we felt very comfortable with everyone .
1	the sandwich was made fresh and tasted delicious !
1	when i 'm in the area , sure !
1	great people work at this location !
1	i freakin ' love this place !
1	fresh fresh fresh an clean an customer service is off the hook .
1	thank you for my perfect beautiful smile !
1	he knows his stuff !
1	it is a long drive across the city , but well worth it .
1	plus he and the staff are always so happy and friendly and always smiling !
1	the entire staff at mountain west chiropractic is awesome .
1	this man is good , fantastic at what he does .
1	my favorite ice cream place since i was a kid .
1	great icecream and great customer service .
1	im in and out within a few minutes and the store is always clean .
1	more flavors than ever ... about _num_ as they added an extra display freezer .
1	he was very good and patient .
1	the customer service is always great !
1	i still love this baskin robbins and they are close to home .
1	great hangover food .
1	the beans at this location are typically good- the rice is `` fine '' .
1	ugh !
1	there was no pressure and they are very easy to talk to .
1	the sales staff was great .
1	thank you victor , you represented your company well .
1	worked with _num_ members of their staff , all extremely pleasant polite and helpful .
1	very happy with my recent buying experience .
1	`` , but they still refused to honor it .
1	our courtesy driver was very knowledgable and sincere .
1	thank you from a california girl who needed some help .
1	thanks for all your help guys !
1	overall , great experience here at volvo !
1	thank you , debbie , and the shop guys as well !
1	thank you for being so fabulous !
1	had a great experience leasing a car here this summer .
1	i loved the volvo , but the price was significantly higher .
1	everyone was very professional and helpful when it came to making a big purchase .
1	the general manager ( lane ) took great care of us from the door .
1	the customer service here is awesome .
1	the place is great and secure for all my extra belongings .
1	thanks again barry !
1	me : `` why , cuz it 's so damned good ? ''
1	the shrimp tacos were fantastic !
1	great pies all around !
1	nothing beats their pie sale .
1	the muffins are huge and moist !
1	good size portions and always something new on their specials menu .
1	she brought refills promptly and was sweet with our little girl .
1	excellent service !
1	will defiantly go back .
1	upon entering the restaurant is clean and welcoming .
1	all was delicious !
1	even better was our waiter .
1	but it 's all good !
1	being my part of town , this makes me very excited !
1	i learned today , that they added free wifi and it is super fast !
1	i 'm glad i brought my computer with me !
1	my experience with this mimi 's cafe was excellent .
1	good service the muffins were phenomenal .
1	great service , take out is fast and very delicious .
1	we 've always had pretty great service prices reasonable .
1	good job miles on providing amazing customer service !
1	delicious food and great service .
1	the menu has changed quite bit and the food has become unique .
1	it is one of my favorite restaurants here in town .
1	the food quality and the prices are outstanding .
1	amazing service and the food was awesome too !
1	more places should have service like this !
1	for the price of each entree , it 's definitely worth it .
1	great traditional american food .
1	she had a great personality and even engaged in a little conversation .
1	great atmosphere , great staff , and great food .
1	first time had their quiche and it was really good .
1	the docs are top notch and are on the cutting edge of technology .
1	in addition i love the nurses and staff !
1	nice atmosphere , clean office , lots of comfortable chairs .
1	amazing !
1	what intelligent caring doctors .
1	best in the business hands down .
1	he made it possible for me to have my two amazing babies !
1	the doctors are amazingly good at what they do .
1	the staff , nurses , and doctors are all great !
1	simply the best office staff , doctors and care in las vegas .
1	i saw dr. schwartz and had a terrific experience for my second pregnancy .
1	thank god !
1	i have to say they are the best .
1	well deserved _num_ star rating .
1	i 've been getting excellent service from crew at this shop for years now .
1	good customer service good food and for a good price .
1	it 's consistent .
1	the restaurant is clean and spacious .
1	exceptionally friendly service .
1	our server was friendly and pretty attentive .
1	great service every time i gone there .
1	pete is awesome .
1	they did a really neat and professional landscape for me .
1	he really did a nice job .
1	i love the idea that he puts everything in writing ahead of time .
1	he cleaned up the leaves for us and now has definitely earned our business !
1	i recommend their services !
1	we are so impressed with pete and his crew !
1	we feel so lucky to have found this company .
1	the staff is wonderful .
1	the women who work here are always very nice and never make you wait .
1	thank you family music for all your help !
1	customer service was awesome !
1	great customer service .
1	my little drum daughter is happy !
1	excellent service and always done in a timely manner !
1	i brought my daughter 's dress and the cleaning was amazing .
1	the best services ever !
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	i love their alteration lady , she 's just amazing !
1	overall i give this guys a big _num_ !
1	so happy i found this place .
1	i got a pedicure with a guy named brandon and he was great .
1	keep in mind that you need cash to tip .
1	the people here are so nice !
1	came in today to get a pedicure , and they beyond met my expectations !
1	outstanding service , technicians a qualified , prices are just right .
1	i love this clinic , very efficient and they do lab work in-house .
1	my doctor is part of this clinic and she 's awesome !
1	love this location and everybody is so friendly .
1	great deals !
1	the staff is friendly .
1	thanks !
1	great selection .
1	much cheaper that the corner lot .
1	i 'll definitely be back to this star nursery .
1	the service at this location is always decent .
1	macayos seems to be the best of both worlds .
1	food was excellent .
1	guac was really really good .
1	service is quick and friendly .
1	have to rave about the chicken poblano , totally delicious .
1	this location got an extra star cause its always clean .
1	my favorite place in town hands down .
1	their french vanilla ice cream is delicious in top .
1	food was above average mexican , but good portioned .
1	hubby ordered some big combo plate -- and he ate it up pretty fast .
1	we have enjoyed this restaurant for many years .
1	very good mexican food !
1	we ordered margaritas to start , and enjoyed chips and salsa ... .
1	i ordered a cheese enchilada and a chicken taco , my food was delicious !
1	food is consistently good .
1	they 're very consistent with there dishes and great wait staff .
1	me and my wife had a very nice dinner .
1	wish all a good experience too !
1	the food was excellent tonight .
1	thank you .
1	they do mexican food and they do it pretty well .
1	comfortable atmosphere .
1	our glasses were always full and everything came out on time and hot .
1	good eats here .
1	i recommend trying this las vegas staple !
1	great food !
1	_num_ stars , all the way !
1	thanks guys !
1	very thorough , courteous and thoughtful .
1	the doctors and staff are wonderful here .
1	i 've always had such great experiences with them .
1	i 'd recommend this animal hospital to any of my friends .
1	the staff is so friendly and very helpful .
1	love this place.
1	compassionate care .
1	i love everyone at charleston animal hospital .
1	thank you to all the staff for you love , knowledge and medical care .
1	dr. jones is such a wonderful doctor !
1	everything they do there is outstanding .
1	thank you .
1	very competent staff , doctors and fair prices .
1	this place is pretty awesome !
1	she was way nice , explained everything well and was just super cool !
1	the shop is clean and unique looking with some artwork !
1	this place is great !
1	great service .
1	greatly priced !
1	highly recommended .
1	thanks , shane !
1	i was promptly fitted in and helped away .
1	very satisfied with the cleanliness and quick procedure .
1	this is one of the best experiences i 've ever had getting a piercing .
1	all piercings turned out awesome and healed smoothly .
1	definitely recommend going to mike for any of your piercing needs !
1	overall , highly recommend .
1	the guys were amazing and kept me calm and always made me feel comfortable .
1	the wait was a bit long but well worth it !
1	i got a monroe piercing done at this shop about three weeks ago .
1	mike was at the shop and he was great .
1	i got it over a year ago and i still love it .
1	i definitely plan on heading back there soon !
1	i just got my tongue pierced yesterday by kelsey .
1	loved her !
1	super clean and very friendly .
1	they have a beautiful selection of jewelry .
1	he was very knowledgable and gentle .
1	i would recommend them to anyone and will definitely be back !
1	i highly recommend !
1	go see kelsey if you 're looking for a quick and painless piercing job !
1	love my jewelry .
1	the whole process maybe took an hour and a half and wow .
1	very professional and clean .
1	i will continue to come to ryan for all of my piercing needs .
1	would recommend this shop to anyone i know !
1	plenty of people to help you out when you 're there too .
1	attended a beautiful wedding at this venue .
1	every table had a good view of the bride and groom .
1	the buffet they lay out is usually good , though not excellent .
1	top notch !
1	love , love , love this place !
1	mike was extremely helpful and a very nice guy .
1	he definitely takes pride in his work .
1	dr thompson is the most detail oriented dentist ever and does great cosmetic work .
1	unbelievable !
1	he gives you all his attention and he is very detail oriented .
1	very happy with the service .
1	friendly , knowledgable , and thorough , yet quick !
1	he pays attention to detail .
1	thank you kevin , it was a pleasure doing business with you !
1	explained everything to us as he went along and the written report was excellent .
1	home pride inspections did an awesome job .
1	will was very thorough with the inspection and provided a detailed report with photos .
1	we had our home inspection by will and he was amazing !
1	you will be extremely happy with their service .
1	efficient and super friendly .
1	recommend for anyone needing their service .
1	we highly recommend kevin for your home inspection needs .
1	gave us peace of mind to have these professionals on the case !
1	we have recommended home pride inspections for years to our clients .
1	wow .
1	we got a very through inspection , and professional , courteous service .
1	christopher did a great job !
1	very professional and fairly priced !
1	i was so glad to have found these guys !
1	it was a fabulous experience working with home pride inspections recently .
1	it was great to get his feedback .
1	will did a great job on my home inspection .
1	i highly recommend home pride inspections .
1	very impressed with how thorough and professional the inspector was .
1	i would recommend this company to anyone looking for this service .
1	home pride inspections were amazing !
1	he was very friendly and easy to talk to when we had certain questions .
1	if anyone needs a home inspection he and his company are right for you .
1	they do not miss anything .
1	i highly recommend him and his company .
1	he did an incredible job .
1	overall great experience .
1	will mitchell is the best .
1	amazing level of service !
1	will was very thorough and noticed items we did n't think of .
1	this is a beautiful church !
1	the food was made really good and it got delivered really quick !
1	( i originally did a take out order ) now that 's great service !
1	i was proud just to have met someone so nice .
1	great food overall .
1	yeah !
1	i really enjoyed the food at this place .
1	but i 'm happy there here in town .
1	- the chow chow is excellent .
1	now i 'm old and i still go there with my kids .
1	great value guys .
1	this place came highly recommended by several of my friends and co-workers .
1	definitely worth a try for those who like southern food .
1	thee most delicious catfish , hush puppies , shrimp , and fish , ever .
1	good fish .
1	fish is excellent and the hush puppies will knocked your shoes off .
1	this place came highly recommended by a friend .
1	the food was delicious .
1	excellent service tonight !
1	it was a pleasant night out for dinner .
1	loved this place !
1	cooked to perfection !
1	best catfish around .
1	the hush puppy is a fantastic example and a great place to eat .
1	i also like how the salad bar is included !
1	he , on the other hand , will eat anything they give him .
1	one more thing the sweet tea was on point !
1	had the special .
1	highly recommended .
1	everything tasted great and they also offer daily specials throughout the week ( ex .
1	very good seasoned catfish filets .
1	overall it was very good food .
1	the food here is wonderful .
1	the owner came by to ask how i enjoyed my meal .
1	it was a perfect experience and definitely recommend this restaurant .
1	i recommend asking for gee , as well .
1	the catfish , whether grilled , blackened or fried , is terrific .
1	the hush puppies were good .
1	love it .
1	the customer service was excellent .
1	john lopez , the manager , greeted us personally .
1	it was fresh and seasoned to perfection .
1	debbie was very nice and friendly .
1	hush puppy was recommended by a friend as the best catfish in town .
1	the whole catfish was flaky and fresh .
1	our server , jean , offered superb service !
1	i will definitely be back again !
1	friendly and attentive staff !
1	we had the po boy and the catfish , both were excellent .
1	we will definitely be back .
1	tell a friend to tell a friend to visit !
1	the place is well maintained and the dining room was very clean .
1	great place for an interesting date .
1	and a slice of pecan pie and sweet potato pie to go !
1	i was very pleased last week .
1	the farm raised catfish is very very tasty .
1	the staff is very friendly and on top of my sweet tea refills !
1	the service was great .
1	the greens have a slight sweet taste but they are still good .
1	we moved here in _num_ ... and waited this long to try out hushpuppies .
1	it is worth the drive if you do n't live nearby .
1	i 'm glad i finally did !
1	great prices on all you can eat options .
1	and a wonderful salad bar that is included .
1	staff are very professional , punctual , and quickly completed repairs .
1	great service !
1	i would totally recommend a1 !
1	i really appreciate their courteous , prompt service .
1	the ingredients are always fresh and the staff is always very very friendly .
1	interior is clean and inviting .
1	service is fast and friendly .
1	dont let the exterior fool you , this place is great !
1	great neighborhood pub .
1	the breakfast is amazing and super cheap !
1	and the chicken parm sandwich is a great dinner !
1	my favorite restaurant in all of las vegas !
1	this place is my new spot .
1	this place is great !
1	the omelets are awesome !
1	will come again !
1	it has amazing food for the price .
1	another day , another visit to lakes lounge , and another great experience .
1	food was very good and fast .
1	definitely recommend coming here !
1	little bit of a wait , but totally worth it .
1	do n't let the location fool you , this is a hidden gem .
1	friendly staff .
1	my favorite meal is probably a common one , the steak sandwich .
1	and great prices .
1	for breakfast i recommend the skillets .
1	good drinks too , also reasonable in case you want more than breakfast .
1	great place for locals .
1	for appetizer we got chips and salsa .
1	my friend got a build your own omlet and was very pleased as well !
1	the service is excellent and the atmosphere is quaint and quiet .
1	treat yourself and go to this lakes gem .
1	amazing food .
1	my family and i love this place .
1	great food , great service , under priced !
1	this is my go to spot , love the lakes !
1	food exceeds the service .
1	best ribs in the area .
1	very , very good food at very reasonable prices .
1	overall great experience .
1	always fresh excellent food .
1	it was also nice that the restaurant was off the beaten path .
1	chicken strips were excellent .
1	the ribs are finger licking good .
1	fries delicious and just crisp enough .
1	great $ _num_ ellis island brews during happy hour honestly everything was great .
1	thanks so much for a great time !
1	delicious food , and polite servers !
1	i had the burger , cooked to my liking .
1	the place suits its name .
1	love this place !
1	also love steak special .
1	lakes lounge was very relaxed and comfortable for a meal .
1	i really liked the service and the quality of their entrees .
1	it did n't disappoint , even their fries are delicious , seasoned to perfection !
1	also , the fact that it 's open _num_ hours is fantastic .
1	i recommend the sweet potato tots !
1	service is okay .
1	they were so great and friendly .
1	took great care of me and was super nice !
1	they made it very easy .
1	he will make the process as painless as possible .
1	i was helped by jorge who made everything so easy .
1	got a great deal and will definitely buy here again !
1	great service !
1	thanks honda west !
1	great experience guys keep it up !
1	totally satisfied .
1	service is very pleasant here .
1	we were really happy with the service we were given .
1	honda west did a great service on my vehicle the last week i visited .
1	honda west has my business from now on !
1	i would recommend jilmar to anyone .
1	labor charges are a bit high .
1	overall it was a great experience and i plan to go back .
1	of course i love my honda pilot !
1	honda was great and replaced .
1	by far the best car buying experience we have had .
1	the service i had was amazing .
1	great service .
1	highly recommend honda west for their quality service and excellent customer service .
1	prices are very fair .
1	dave glen is my favorite sales person and i came to him for years .
1	i would recommend this honda dealership people are so nice and helpful .
1	thank you again honda west looking forward seeing you guys for my next service .
1	so far so good .
1	ran into antonio and he made the process smooth and easy .
1	best services i ever had !
1	see you on my next service !
1	we worked with jilmar and he was great .
1	it was a long process , but well worth it .
1	i had a very good experience with jilmar .
1	thank you !
1	jilmar was great .
1	their service was efficient , courteous and were good at communicating .
1	love my _num_ civic and the service is excellent !
1	the gentleman who helped me was great .
1	thanks for the assistance carla of honda west , sahara !
1	thank you honda west !
1	highly recommended !
1	great service .
1	jilmar was great .
1	thank you shawn !
1	always nice to have your girl turning heads as you walk around town .
1	received the best haircut i had in many years from suzanne .
1	thanks tracy ... you are the best !
1	he is an amazing hair stylist .
1	the room was very clean and comfortable .
1	tammy very experienced and highly recommended from me !
1	tammy lord is just wonderful .
1	she was super friendly , did an awesome job and was very affordable .
1	the salon itself was nice and clean with friendly staff .
1	such a clean salon and super friendly staff !
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	thank you for great care .
1	great people .
1	this location is clean , staff is friendly , and doctors are efficient .
1	definitely recommended !
1	mostly , because i love fondue .
1	what a great time for a date or a small group .
1	came here for my 30th birthday , it was a great choice .
1	excellent food , good atmosphere and great service !
1	wow , what a great experience .
1	the waiters are extremely knowledgable and professional .
1	this place is pretty cool .
1	the food was great , service was spectacular and atmosphere very hip .
1	it is a fun night out !
1	we stayed for about _num_ hours and greatly enjoyed the experience .
1	food and service are always spot on .
1	great place for fun dessert !
1	my boyfriend took me here for my birthday and it was absolutely perfect .
1	the dessert was the best !
1	i definitely recommend this place .
1	the melting pot is our fav restaurant for years !
1	it 's always a fun experience to come here .
1	this is still a really fun thing to do and i highly recommend it .
1	we had a great time at dinner .
1	the food is beyond delicious.
1	i love fondue .
1	desert was easily the best and most amusing part of the meal .
1	the dessert is absolutely incredible and really the highlight of the meal .
1	the staff is extremely nice , which makes everything a lot better .
1	its a fun but pricey place to go for a special occasion .
1	we tried their salads which were very gourmet and delicious .
1	my love took me here for valentine 's day and their menu was excellent !
1	we had a nice experience .
1	food was fresh and tasty .
1	expensive experience to cook your own food , but it was fun .
1	tip : dress nicely and leave your kids at home !
1	our waiter was very friendly and attentive .
1	this was a wonderful experience !
1	the monday night industry discount was an unexpected surprise .
1	it was our first time here and we loved it !
1	food was delicious !
1	this location was just as enjoyable as the others .
1	love his personality !
1	what can i say , tyler , tyler , tyler !
1	the food here is out of this world and the service matches !
1	came here for my birthday and the food was amazing !
1	of cooking the food and the fondue .
1	great date night spot .
1	the food was fun to do !
1	loved it !
1	we enjoyed the cheddar , surf & turf , and flaming turtle chocolate .
1	we had an amazing experience tonight celebrating our wedding anniversary !
1	on to the main course cold water lobster yes please .
1	best anniversary dinner ever .
1	easy .
1	he checked her our and made her feel very comfortable .
1	the vet , tech , and staff were very helpful and warm .
1	it is a little bit of a drive for us but worth it !
1	i would recommend them highly .
1	i was happy with that .
1	my ex was always happy with his dog 's cut and the price .
1	i loved this place !
1	the staff there are great.
1	they ask the right questions and are so sweet to my babies .
1	i highly recommend !
1	they are groomed regularly and i 'm pleased with the service .
1	i love this place .
1	this place is very close to my house which is a big plus .
1	the service is awesome and my dog always looks great after a trip here .
1	they got all kind of goodies for pets : ) also very clean .
1	my husband and i are happy to bring puppies here .
1	will did an amazing job , once again .
1	he looks so good .
1	they always have samples as well .
1	my dog loves getting these special treats you couldnt get in the store .
1	i will write another review after the results !
1	i love bringing my shepherd here !
1	snooty pets is awesome .
1	their store is clean , bright , & full of goodies .
1	nice service and was able to get in last minute , which was great .
1	i spoke to the owner in cantonese and she was very delightful .
1	this place is awesome .
1	great food but if ur looking for ambiance then this wont work for you .
1	cozy , classic decor and atmosphere .
1	check it out !
1	parents and grandparents used to take me there as a kid .
1	prices are great too .
1	excellent food and well priced .
1	yes it 's still the same quaint older restaurant i remember .
1	this place is delicious .
1	this is a fantastic chinese restaurant .
1	overlook the interior and enjoy great food and genuine hospitality .
1	it was fabulous !
1	great wall made it just like they do back home !
1	great lunch special .
1	i liked that i did n't have to open my door to use it !
1	all in all it 's a nice storage facility , with great amenities .
1	i love the philly here , amazing !
1	a delicious quality sandwich made fresh for me : d .
1	my favorite sandwich shop in vegas hands down .
1	but slowly moved into the hot sandwich section .
1	great energy and super service .
1	oh , and the food is great !
1	best sandwich shop in vegas by far !
1	the bread is phenomenal .
1	it is always great , always !
1	love this place .
1	i love this place i always order and go pick it up .
1	but we saved it for later !
1	jack in the box came through for me !
1	and pretty cool that they had churros .
1	they have great drive threw employees .
1	service is awesome !
1	nice job jack !
1	their food is reasonably priced in an extremely consistent on taste and time .
1	nice staff and great jack food .
1	i had a craving for curly fries and buttermilk and it hit the spot .
1	home depot is cool .
1	great service !
1	thanks !
1	i 'm surprised by a lot of the reviews on here .
1	this was a very enjoyable trip !
1	awesome !
1	we have been impressed so far !
1	overall we really enjoy water wings !
1	service : all staff are all very friendly .
1	their customer service is great !
1	very nice !
1	her instructor andrew is really great with her and she enjoys the classes .
1	the instructors and front desk staff are great .
1	i especially liked trevor .
1	our experience has been nothing but positive .
1	best money i have spent this year .
1	the staff is what really makes this school successful .
1	i also spoke to other parents that were happy with the lessons .
1	all of the classes have been a lot of fun .
1	outstanding service and an excellent deal earn them all _num_ stars .
1	i highly recommend them for buying or renting .
1	they were very fast and charged a fair price .
1	it was great !
1	prices are reasonable and are competitive with other sports shops around town .
1	almost _num_ miles on that tube and it 's still working well !
1	this is the best shop by far .
1	i just love these guys .
1	sure enough great selection all levels bikes .
1	see you guys in the spring .
1	thank you for being so professional .
1	it was such a nice shopping experience from start to finish !
1	nice , simple , easy for a complicated transaction .
1	it 's a great place to eat for a casual date or lunch meeting .
1	my favorite restaurant in las vegas .
1	i love the food , and the menu is large and diverse .
1	started off with an appetizer sampler , this was really good .
1	the food is excellent along with the atmosphere .
1	it was an excellent choice .
1	great service .
1	the music is upbeat ... i only wish they had a dance floor .
1	and got ta get a side of their cajun fries .
1	eggplant parm was also good and filling .
1	great atmosphere when you walk in from _num_ degree weather .
1	great place to do a business lunch .
1	i give it _num_ stars .
1	for appetizers we got hummus and bread .
1	it was delicious !
1	great music as well !
1	oh my god , this appetizer alone is worth _num_ stars !
1	delicious !
1	i love the gyro salad !
1	i am always happy with my food .
1	the two kids with it also liked it ; good children 's menu .
1	this is definitely a must try in vegas !
1	very , very good !
1	great mediterranean food & service !
1	definitely will be back here !
1	our waiter , matthew was great at letting us know their vegan options .
1	he has perfected his art .
1	service was decent and prices were ok .
1	the service was excellent .
1	the atmosphere is very laid back and relaxed , and the food was phenomenal !
1	i 'm so happy to have found this place !
1	the servers are friendly and well informed about what items are vegan .
1	delicious !
1	i love this place .
1	service was great too .
1	the food was excellent !
1	highly recommended !
1	surprisingly worth the wait !
1	very unique and vibrant .
1	we ca n't ever finish everything !
1	the hookah lounge is so nice !
1	very cool ambiance !
1	the staff are fun and attentive and they have great customer service skills .
1	the premier hookah lounge of las vegas !
1	service , and the ambiance is awesome !
1	you 'll thank me .
1	he also makes sure a live dj us always playing .
1	amazing food , unbelievable ambiance .
1	the manger and owner cathy is courteous and kind .
1	one of the few restaurants in vegas that i can recommend to any one .
1	this place was absolutely cool .
1	interesting food .
1	i enjoy hanging out in their hookah lounge .
1	still a great hangout place !
1	love this place and excited for many more meals here !
1	my wife and i love coming here !
1	just had a great date night .
1	hookah selection is great and i really enjoy the place !
1	insane .
1	what a great place .
1	went to dinner for the first time an it was great .
1	it 's a cute little cafe very quaint .
1	both were very good .
1	we will definitely come here again an it 's close to home .
1	great food , staff is unbelievably nice .
1	dinner with friends in venue that felt intimate and warm for a larger establishment .
1	attentive , polite service was prompt and well timed .
1	great food and fun classy atmosphere .
1	both locations are exquisite .
1	staff is great and the atmosphere is quaint .
